★☆☆   hit
—————————————————
verb (hitting, hit, hit)
TOUCH  接触  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to swing your hand or an object onto the surface of something so that it touches it, usually with force    击；打；撞
Teachers are not allowed to hit their pupils.   教师不许打学生。
This type of glass won't shatter no matter how hard you hit it.   无论你怎么敲，这种玻璃都不会碎。
She hit her thumb with the hammer.   她用锤子砸到了自己的拇指。
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to touch something with sudden force    碰撞
They were going at about 60 kilometres an hour when their car hit the tree.   他们的车撞到树上时，正以每小时约60公里的车速行驶。
One journalist was hit in the leg by a stray bullet.   一名记者被流弹击中了腿部。
That new shelf in the bathroom is too low - I just hit my head on it.   浴室里的那个新架子太低——我的头刚刚撞到了。verb (hitting, hit, hit)
EFFECT  影响  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to have an unpleasant or negative effect on a person or thing    产生不良影响；打击
Production has been badly hit by the strike.   罢工严重影响生产。
Demand for transatlantic flights has been hit by fears of terrorist attacks.   由于人们害怕遭遇恐怖袭击，飞越大西洋航班的需求受到影响。verb (hitting, hit, hit)
SHOOT  射击  
 ADVANCED  transitive often passive 
■to shoot at or bomb a place or person, causing damage or injury    射击；轰炸
Two schools were hit during the air raid.   空袭中有两所学校遭到轰炸。
He was hit in the neck by a bullet from a sniper.   他被一名狙击手射出的子弹击中了颈部。
Try to hit the middle of the target.   要尽量打中靶心。verb (hitting, hit, hit)
REACH  达到  
transitive 
■to arrive at a place or position    到达
If we turn left at the next junction, we should hit the main road after five miles or so.   在下一个路口左转，再走五英里左右，我们就会抵达大马路。
transitive 
■to succeed in reaching or achieving something    达到；实现
Our profits hit an all-time high of £20 million last year.   去年我们的盈余达到了2000万英镑的最高纪录。
I just can't hit (= sing) those high notes like I used to.   我就是不能像过去一样把那些高音唱上去。verb (hitting, hit, hit)
SUCCESS  成功  
hit it off informal 
■to like someone and become friendly immediately 
  （与某人）相处得好，合得来
I didn't really hit it off with his friends.   我和他的朋友们并不怎么合得来。
Jake and Sue hit it off immediately.   杰克和苏一见如故。verb (hitting, hit, hit)
ATTACK  攻击  
transitive mainly US slang 
■to kill someone    杀死
Three drug dealers were hit in the city over the weekend.   周末有三名毒贩在该市被击毙。verb (hitting, hit, hit)
hit sb between the eyes 
■to shock someone or have a sudden strong effect on them    使（某人）大为震惊；使（某人）大受影响verb (hitting, hit, hit)
hit sb where it hurts 
■to do or say something to someone that will upset them as much as possible    刺到（某人）的痛处，碰到（某人）的敏感之处
He's always worrying about his weight, so if you want to hit him where it hurts, tell him he's looking a bit fat.   他一直在担心自己的体重，如果你想刺中他的痛处，就说他有点胖。verb (hitting, hit, hit)
hit home 
■to cause you to fully realize how unpleasant or difficult something is    使充分意识到（情况有多糟糕或困难）
The full horror of the war only hit home when we started seeing the television pictures of it in our living rooms.   在家中客厅里看到电视画面后，我们才充分意识到这场战争有多恐怖。verb (hitting, hit, hit)
hit the books mainly US and Australian informal 
■to study    学习；做功课
I can't go out tonight. I've got to hit the books.   我今晚不能出门，我要做功课。verb (hitting, hit, hit)
hit the bottle 
■to start to drink too much alcohol    开始酗酒verb (hitting, hit, hit)
hit the ceiling/roof 
■to become extremely angry    暴跳如雷，极其恼火
Dad'll hit the ceiling when he finds out I've left school.   爸爸要是发现我离开了学校一定会暴跳如雷的。verb (hitting, hit, hit)
hit the deck 
■to lie down quickly and suddenly so that you are hidden from view or sheltered from something dangerous    快速卧倒verb (hitting, hit, hit)
hit the ground running 
■to immediately work hard and successfully at a new activity    雷厉风行；一举成功verb (hitting, hit, hit)
hit the hay/sack informal 
■to go to bed in order to sleep    上床睡觉
I've got a busy day tomorrow, so I think I'll hit the sack.   明天我会很忙，所以我看我该睡觉了。verb (hitting, hit, hit)
hit the headlines 
■to appear in the news suddenly or receive a lot of attention in news reports    突然成为媒体头条；受到媒体强烈关注
He hit the headlines two years ago when he was arrested for selling drugs to the Prime Minister's nephew.   两年前他因把毒品卖给首相的侄子而被捕，这使他突然受到媒体强烈关注。verb (hitting, hit, hit)
hit the jackpot 
■to suddenly get or win a lot of money    突然得到（或赢得）一大笔钱verb (hitting, hit, hit)
hit the nail on the head 
■to describe exactly what is causing a situation or problem    说中要害
I think Mick hit the nail on the head when he said that what's lacking from this company is a feeling of confidence.   米克说这家公司缺乏的是一种自信，我认为他说到重点了。verb (hitting, hit, hit)
hit the road 
■to leave a place or begin a journey    离开，出发
I'd love to stay longer but I must be hitting the road.   我很想多留一段时间，但我必须要走了。verb (hitting, hit, hit)
hit the spot 
■to be exactly what is needed    正是所需要的
That bacon sandwich really hit the spot!   那个培根三明治正是我想要的！verb (hitting, hit, hit)
not know what hit you 
■to feel shocked or confused because something bad has happened to you suddenly when you were not expecting it    过度惊吓而无法反应；吓呆了verb (hitting, hit, hit)
  Phrasal Verbs   hit back 
■to attack or criticize someone who has attacked or criticized you    反击，反攻
In tonight's speech, the minister is expected to hit back at critics who have attacked her handling of the crisis.   之前有一些批评家曾攻击部长对这危机的处理方式，今晚的发言中，她预计会对其加以反击。verb (hitting, hit, hit)
  Phrasal Verbs   hit on sb US slang 
■to show someone that you are sexually attracted to them    与（某人）调情
Some guy hit on me while I was standing at the bar.   我站在吧台边的时候，有个家伙过来和我调情。verb (hitting, hit, hit)
  Phrasal Verbs   hit on/upon sth 
■to think of an idea when you didn't expect or intend to, especially one that solves a problem    突然想到；碰巧想出
When we first hit on the idea, everyone told us it would never work.   当我们第一次想到这个主意时，所有人都跟我们说这行不通。verb (hitting, hit, hit)
  Phrasal Verbs   hit out 
■to criticise something or someone strongly    猛烈批评，严厉抨击
The Medical Association yesterday hit out at government cuts in healthcare services.   昨天，医疗公会猛烈抨击了政府削减医疗保健开支的措施。verb (hitting, hit, hit)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] hit sb up US informal 
■to ask someone for something    向（某人）索要
She hit me up for $20.   她向我要20美元。noun countable 
SUCCESS  成功  
 IMPROVER  
■a thing or person that is very popular or successful    非常受欢迎（或成功）的事物（或人）
The Beatles had a string of number-one hits in the 1960s.   20世纪60年代披头四乐队推出了一系列排行榜冠军曲目。
Your cake was a real hit at the party - everyone commented.   聚会上你的蛋糕真是棒极了——每个人都在谈论。   


hit 1	3. They've just released a CD of their greatest hits (= their most successful songs).
 他们刚刚发行了一张他们的上榜歌曲精选CD。
noun countable 
COMPUTING  电脑操作  
■a request to use a web page on the Internet that is then counted to calculate the number of people looking at the page 
  （对网际网路网页的）点击
Our web page had 243 hits this week.   我们的网页本周的点击数为243次。noun countable 
TOUCH  接触  
■when you hit something or someone, or when something or someone hits you    击，打
She gave him a hit on the head which knocked him flying.   她击中了他的头部，打得他眼冒金星。
■in baseball, when the batter (= person trying to hit the ball) safely reaches first base after hitting the ball 
  （棒球运动中的）安打noun countable 
SHOOT  射击  
■when something that has been thrown, dropped, shot, etc. at a place or object reaches that place or object    击中，打中
The rebel headquarters took a direct hit from a bomb during the attack.   在这波攻势中，一颗炸弹直接击中了叛军的总部。
I scored a hit on my second shot.   我的第二枪击中了靶心。noun countable 
ATTACK  攻击     mainly US slang 
■an act of murder    杀人，谋杀
He was the victim of a mafia hit.   他是被黑手党谋杀的。noun countable 
are/make a hit with informal 
■If you are/make a hit with someone, they like you a lot from the time that they first meet you    给（某人）留下很好的第一印象，使（某人）一见钟情
You've made a big hit with my dad - he hasn't stopped talking about you.   我爸爸对你的第一印象很好——他一直在不停地谈论你。



★☆☆   hit-and-miss
—————————————————
adjective (also hit-or-miss) 
■If something is hit-and-miss you cannot depend on it to be of good quality, on time, accurate, etc    没准的，碰运气的
The trains are often late, so getting to work on time is a fairly hit-and-miss affair.   火车经常误点，所以准时上班在相当程度上是件碰运气的事。



★☆☆   hit-and-run
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
ACCIDENT  事故  
■describes a road accident in which the driver who caused the accident drives away without helping the other people involved and without telling the police    肇事逃逸的
a hit-and-run driver/accident   肇事逃逸的司机／事故adjective [before noun] 
MILITARY  军事的  
■describes a military attack that needs to happen unexpectedly and quickly in order to be successful    突然袭击的；打了就撤的
hit-and-run warfare   突袭战



★☆☆   hitch
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a temporary difficulty which causes a short delay    临时故障，小问题
Due to a slight technical hitch the concert will be starting half an hour late.   由于出了一点小小的技术故障，音乐会将顺延半个小时开始。noun countable 
go (off) without a hitch 
■to happen successfully without any problems    顺利进行
To the bride's relief, the wedding ceremony went off without a hitch.   令新娘松了一口气的是，婚礼一切顺利。verb 
RIDE  乘  
hitch a lift/ride informal 
■to get a free ride in someone else's vehicle as a way of travelling    搭便车，免费搭车
They hitched a lift to Edinburgh from a passing car.   他们搭乘一辆过路的车到了爱丁堡。verb 
FASTEN  固定  
transitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to fasten something to another thing by tying it with a rope or using a metal hook 
  （用绳子）系住；（用钩子）挂住
The horses were hitched to a shiny black carriage.   马匹被套在一辆黑亮的大车上。
We just need to hitch the trailer (on)to the car and then we can go.   我们只需把拖车挂在汽车后面，这样就可以走了。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] hitch sth up 
PULL STH UP  
■to pull something, especially trousers or a skirt, upwards to a slightly higher position    挽起，提起（裤子或裙子）
She hitched her skirt up before wading across the stream.   她趟过小溪之前，把裙子向上撩起。
CONNECT  
■If you hitch up a vehicle, you connect it so that it can be pulled, and if you hitch up an animal to a vehicle, you connect it so that it can pull the vehicle    挂好（车辆）；套好（牲畜）
We watched as the farmer hitched up a team of oxen.   我们看着农夫把一群牛套赶上车。




★☆☆   hitched
—————————————————
adjective slang 
get hitched 
■to get married    结婚
Is Tracy really getting hitched then?   那么崔西真的要结婚了吗？



★☆☆   hitchhike
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
■to travel by getting free rides in someone else's vehicle    免费搭车旅行
Women should never hitchhike on their own.   女人千万不要孤身一人搭便车。
⇨ See also hitch



★☆☆   hither
—————————————————
UK adverb old use or formal 
■to or towards this place    到这里；向这里
Come hither, young sir!   到这里来，少爷！UK adverb old use or formal 
hither and thither (literary hither and yon) 
■in many directions    到处
In clearer water, one encounters shoals of tiny fish, which dart hither and thither like flights of arrows.   在清澈的水中可以见到一群群的小鱼，它们像箭一样飞快地游来游去。



★☆☆   hitherto
—————————————————
UK adverb formal 
■until now or until a particular time    迄今为止；到（某时）为止
Mira revealed hitherto unsuspected talents on the cricket pitch.   时至今日，米拉已经显示出他在板球投球方面潜藏的非凡才能。



★☆☆   hit list 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a list of people who someone intends to murder or take unpleasant action against    暗杀名单；打击对象名单
The newspapers were sent a hit list of 100 military and political targets.   各家报社都接到一份包括100个军界和政界暗杀对象的暗杀名单。



★☆☆   hit man 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a man who is paid to murder someone    职业杀手，雇佣杀手



★☆☆   hit parade 
—————————————————
noun countable old-fashioned 
■a list which shows which pop songs have sold the most copies in a particular week 
  （某一周的）流行歌曲（销量）排行榜



★☆☆   hitter
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■in baseball, the player whose turn it is to hit the ball    击球手（棒球中轮到击球的球员）
Davis is expected to see action primarily as a designated hitter (= a player who regularly hits instead of another player, usually instead of the pitcher, each time it is the other player's turn to hit).   大卫斯在比赛中主要担任指定代打，每次轮到其他选手击球时，他代替其他选手（通常为投手）击球。
In the seventh inning, the manager inserted Trammell as a pinch hitter (= a player who hits instead of another player after the other player has appeared in the game).   在第七回合中，经理安插拉梅尔为代打手，替代比赛中出现过的球员。



★☆☆   HIV
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 ADVANCED  abbreviation for 
■human immunodeficiency virus: the virus that causes AIDS (= a serious disease that destroys the body's ability to fight infection)    人体免疫缺乏病毒，爱滋病病毒



★☆☆   hive
—————————————————
noun 
BEES  蜜蜂  
countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a structure where bees live, especially a beehive (= container like a box) or the group of bees living there    蜂巢，蜂窝；蜂群noun 
SKIN CONDITION  皮肤状况  
hives 
uncountable 
■a condition in which a person's skin develops red raised areas    荨麻疹
She broke out in hives after eating strawberries.   她吃过草莓之后，身上就起了疹子。noun 
a hive of activity/industry 
■a place where a lot of people are working very hard    繁忙的场所；忙碌的地方
The whole house was a hive of activity on the day before the wedding.   婚礼的前一天，整幢房子里一派忙碌的景象。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] hive sth off UK 
■to separate one part of a company, usually by selling it 
  （通常指透过出售）分离（公司的某部分）
The plan is to hive off individual companies as soon as they are profitable.   该计划就是一旦某个公司开始获利，就将其分立出去。




★☆☆   HIV-positive
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■If a person is HIV-positive, they are infected with HIV although they might not have AIDS (= a serious disease that destroys the body's ability to fight infection) or develop it for a long time.    HIV病毒检验呈阳性的



★☆☆   hiya
—————————————————
exclamation informal 
■an expression said when people who know each other well meet 
  （熟人相见时的问候语）你好
Hiya, Pete, how're you doing?   你好，彼得，最近怎么样？



★☆☆   hm
—————————————————
(also hmm) [h&#x259;m]
exclamation 
■something you say when you pause while talking or when you are uncertain 
  （说话时停顿或表示不确定）呃，嗯
"Which one do you like best?" "Hm. I'm not sure."   ｢你最喜欢哪个？｣ ｢呃，我也不肯定。｣
"He says he's doing it for our benefit." "Hmm, I'm still not convinced."   ｢他说他那么做是为我们好。｣ ｢嗯，我仍然不太相信。｣



★☆☆   HMO
—————————————————
UK noun countable (plural HMOs)
MEDICAL  医疗的     US abbreviation for 
■health maintenance organization: a group that provides health care to people who pay to join it    医疗保健组织（为付钱入会的会员提供医疗保健的组织）
For a monthly flat fee, paid by the consumer or employer, HMOs provide a specified list of medical services both in and outside the hospital.   消费者或雇主每月缴纳固定费用，医疗保健组织则向其提供医院内外的一系列特定的医疗服务。UK noun countable (plural HMOs)
SHARED HOUSE  共用的房子     UK specialized abbreviation for 
■house in multiple occupation: a house shared by several people, especially those receiving money from the government because they have little or no income    多人租用房（几个人同住的房子，尤指无收入或低收入的人，从政府部门获得补助）
Today, the once-grand streets are characterized by decaying HMOs, sorely in need not just of redecoration but more fundamental repair.   如今，在曾经富丽堂皇的街道上，破烂的合租房却成了其最大特征，这些房子极需的不仅是简单的重修，而是根本性的维修。



★☆☆   HMS
—————————————————
■abbreviation for 
■Her or His Majesty's Ship: used before the names of ships in the British navy    英国皇家海军舰艇（用于舰艇名称之前）
HMS Illustrious   英国皇家海军航母卓越号



★☆☆   HMSO
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable    abbreviation for 
■Her or His Majesty's Stationery Office: a British government department that prints many official documents    皇家文书局（英国政府的一个部门，印制官方档）



★☆☆   HNC
—————————————————
noun countable    abbreviation for 
■Higher National Certificate: a qualification, especially in a scientific or technical subject, that is studied for at a British college 
  （尤指英国大学科技学科的）国家高等合格证书



★☆☆   HND
—————————————————
noun countable    abbreviation for 
■Higher National Diploma: a qualification, especially in a scientific or technical subject, that is studied for at a British college 
  （尤指英国大学科技学科的）国家高级文凭



★☆☆   hoagie
—————————————————
UK US US 
noun countable 
■a long thin loaf of bread filled with salad and cold meat or cheese 
  （长条面包中间夹沙拉、冷切肉或起司的）大号三明治，花旗三明治



★☆☆   hoard
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to collect large amounts of something and keep it in a safe, often secret, place    贮藏，囤积
During the siege people began hoarding food and supplies.   围困期间，人们开始囤积食品和日用品。
There would be enough food on a daily basis if people were not hoarding it.   如果人们不储藏食物，按日常用量应当会有足够的食品供应。UK noun countable 
■a large amount of something that someone has saved and hidden    大量储藏和积存的物品
We found a huge hoard of tinned food in the basement.   我们在地下室发现了一大批储藏的罐头食品。



★☆☆   hoarding
—————————————————
UK  US  US  UK 
noun countable 
FENCE  栅栏  
■a temporary fence, usually made of boards, put around an area, especially one where people are building 
  （尤指建筑工地周围的）临时围栏



★☆☆   hoar frost
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a white layer of pieces of ice like needles which forms on objects outside when it is very cold    白霜



★☆☆   hoarse
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■(of a voice or a person) having a rough voice, often because of a sore throat or a cold 
  （嗓音）嘶哑的
a hoarse voice   嘶哑的嗓音
She sounded a bit hoarse.   她的声音听起来有些嘶哑。
You'll make your self hoarse if you keep shouting like that!   如果你再那样一直大喊大叫下去，嗓子会哑的！
⇨ See also husky



★☆☆   hoary
—————————————————
UK adjective    old-fashioned 
■very old and familiar and therefore not interesting or funny    老掉牙的，老套的
He told a few hoary old jokes and nobody laughed.   他讲了几个老掉牙的笑话，没人觉得好笑。
literary 
■(of a person) very old and white- or grey-haired    （人）老的，白发的，头发灰白的



★☆☆   hoax
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a plan to deceive someone, such as telling the police there is a bomb somewhere when there is not one, or a trick    恶作剧，骗局
The bomb threat turned out to be a hoax.   那次炸弹恐吓结果发现是场恶作剧。
He'd made a hoax call claiming to be the President.   他搞了个恶作剧，打电话自称是总统。UK verb transitive 
■to deceive, especially by playing a trick on someone    欺骗，对…搞恶作剧



★☆☆   hob
—————————————————
UK noun [C or]    (US stove) (stovetop) UK 
■the top part or surface of a cooker on which pans can be heated 
  （炉具上的）炉盘，搁架
Most domestic hobs have four gas or electric rings.   大多数家用炉台都有四个煤气炉口或电热环。
UK old-fashioned 
■in the past, a metal shelf next to a fireplace where pans were heated    （过去火炉上的）搁架



★☆☆   hobbit
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an imaginary small creature like a human described in books by J.R.R. Tolkien    哈比人（作家托尔金笔下的类似于人类的矮人）



★☆☆   hobble
—————————————————
UK verb 
WALK  行走  
intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to walk in an awkward way, usually because the feet or legs are injured    一瘸一拐地行走，跛行
The last time I saw Rachel she was hobbling around with a stick.   上次我见到雷切尔的时候，她拄着拐杖一瘸一拐的。
Some of the runners could only manage to hobble over the finishing line.   有些跑者只是勉强蹒跚支撑到终点。UK verb 
LIMIT  限制  
transitive 
■to limit something or control the freedom of someone    约束，限制
A long list of amendments have hobbled the new legislation.   一长串的修正案限制了这项新立法。
transitive literary 
■If you hobble an animal, especially a horse, you tie two of its legs together so that it cannot run away.    捆缚（动物，尤指马等的）两条腿



★☆☆   hobby
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■an activity which someone does for pleasure when they are not working    业余爱好，嗜好
Ben's hobby is restoring vintage motorcycles.   班的业余爱好是修复旧型摩托车。



★☆☆   hobby horse 
—————————————————
noun countable 
SUBJECT  话题  
■a subject that someone often talks about, usually for a long time    反覆提到的话题
Don't mention tax or Bernard'll get on his hobby horse again.   别提税收，否则伯纳德又要反覆唠叨这个话题了。noun countable 
TOY  玩具  
■a toy made from a long stick with a shape like a horse's head at one end, which a child can pretend to ride 
  （儿童当马骑的）木马 ；竹马



★☆☆   hobbyist
—————————————————
UK US  mainly US 
noun countable 
■someone who does something as a hobby    爱好者
a computer hobbyist   电脑爱好者



★☆☆   hobgoblin
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■(in stories) a small ugly creature which causes trouble 
  （故事中的）小妖精，小精灵



★☆☆   hobnail (boot)
—————————————————
UK noun countable (also hobnailed boot) 
■a heavy boot or shoe that has nails hammered into the bottom to make it last longer    底部有防磨钉的靴子



★☆☆   hobnob
—————————————————
UK US  (-bb-)    informal disapproving 
verb intransitive 
■to spend time being friendly with someone who is important or famous 
  （与要人或名人）亲近，过从甚密
She often has her picture in the papers, hobnobbing with the rich and famous.   报纸上经常刊载她与富贾名流过从甚密的照片。



★☆☆   hobo
—————————————————
UK noun countable (plural hobos or hoboes)    US 
■someone who does not have a job or a house and who moves from one place to another    流浪汉，无业游民



★☆☆   Hobson's choice
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a situation in which it seems that you can choose between different things or actions, but there is really only one thing that you can take or do    别无选择的局面
It's a case of Hobson's choice, because if I don't agree to their terms, I'll lose my job.   我没有选择的余地，因为如果不答应他们的条件，我就会失去工作。



★☆☆   hock
—————————————————
UK noun 
WINE  酒  
uncountable mainly UK 
■a type of white wine from Germany    霍克酒（一种德国白葡萄酒）UK noun 
MONEY  钱  
in hock 
■in debt; owing or owed    欠债，未付款
The company's entire assets are now in hock to the banks.   这家公司的所有资产现在都抵押给了银行。
■Possessions which are in hock are pawned (= left temporarily with a person in exchange for an amount of money which must be paid back after a limited time to prevent the thing from being sold)    被典当，在抵押中
Most of her jewellery is in hock.   她 的大多数珠宝都典当掉了。UK noun 
ANIMAL  动物  
countable 
■the middle joint in the back leg of an animal such as a horse 
  （动物后腿上的）跗关节
countable mainly US 
■the meat on the lower leg of an animal 
  （动物的）小腿肉
ham hocks   火腿肉UK verb transitive informal 
■to sell something which you hope to buy back later because you need money now    典当，抵押
She had to hock her wedding ring.   她只好把她的结婚戒指拿去典当了。



★☆☆   hockey
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
 ADVANCED  UK (US field hockey) 
■a game played on a sports field between two teams of eleven players who each have a curved stick with which they try to put a small hard ball into the other team's goal    曲棍球运动
 ADVANCED  US for    * ice hockey 



★☆☆   hocus-pocus
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■tricks used to deceive, or words used to hide what is happening or make it not clear 
  （隐瞒实情的）花招，诡计
So much of what politicians say is just hocus-pocus.   政客们说的很多话都是骗人的鬼话。



★☆☆   hod
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a container for carrying bricks made of an open box on a pole which is held against the shoulder 
  （运送砖块用的）砖斗



★☆☆   hodgepodge
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a hotchpotch 



★☆☆   hoe
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a garden tool with a long handle and a short blade used to remove weeds and break up the surface of the ground    锄头



★☆☆   hoedown
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■in the US, a party, usually in the countryside, where there is traditional music and dancing 
  （美国的）乡村聚会



★☆☆   hog
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
ANIMAL  动物     US 
■a pig, especially one which is allowed to grow large so that it can be eaten 
  （尤指供食用的）猪
■UK 
■a male pig with its sexual organs removed which is kept for its meat 
  （供食用的）阉猪    Compare boar ; sowUK noun countable 
PERSON  人     informal disapproving 
■someone who takes much more than a fair share of something, especially by eating too much    贪吃的人；贪婪的人
You've eaten it all? You hog!   你全吃光了？你这头猪！UK noun countable 
go hog wild US informal 
■to become too excited and eager about something, often so that you do too much    因过于兴奋、热切而做得过头
There's no need to go hog wild just because it's Sarah's birthday - she won't want such a fuss.   仅仅因为今天是莎拉的生日就冲动过了头，这实在是没必要，她不想小题大做。UK verb transitive (-gg-)    informal 
■to take or use more than your share of something    贪心攫取
He's always hogging the bathroom (= spending too much time in the bathroom, so that no one else can use it).   他总是贪心地占着浴室不走。UK verb transitive (-gg-)    informal 
hog the road disapproving 
■to drive so that other vehicles cannot go past    占路开车



★☆☆   hoggish
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■(of people) selfish, dirty or greedy (= taking too much for themselves) 
  （形容人）自私的；下流的；贪婪的



★☆☆   Hogmanay
—————————————————
UK  US UK 
noun countable or uncountable 
■in Scotland, the last day of the year and the parties to celebrate it which start in the evening and continue until the next day 
  （苏格兰的）除夕，除夕庆祝晚会
⇨ See also New Year's Eve



★☆☆   hogwash
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable informal 
■nonsense, or words which are intended to deceive    废话，胡说八道；瞎话
His answer was pure hogwash.   他的回答纯粹是废话。



★☆☆   ho-ho(-ho)
—————————————————
UK exclamation 
■used in writing or sometimes spoken to represent the sound of laughter 
  （表示笑声）呵－呵（－呵）



★☆☆   ho-hum
—————————————————
UK exclamation 
■an expression used when someone is bored, or when they accept that something unpleasant cannot be stopped from happening 
  （表示厌烦或接受不愉快的事实）哼
So I've got to do it all again. Ho-hum.   这么说我得从头再来了。哼。UK adjective 
■boring or ordinary    烦人的；平淡无奇的



★☆☆   hoick
—————————————————
 UK informal 
verb transitive + adverb or preposition 
■to raise or pull something, usually with a quick movement and with effort    猛拉；猛提
They hoicked the box onto the table.   他们一齐使劲把箱子抬到桌子上。
He hoicked up his trousers.   他猛地向上提了提裤子。



★☆☆   hoist
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to lift something heavy, sometimes using ropes or a machine 
  （用绳子或机械）抬起，吊起
A helicopter hoisted the final section of the bridge into place.   直升机将桥梁的最后一部分吊装到位。
With some difficulty he hoisted her onto his shoulders.   他费了些力气才把她扛到自己肩上。
[R] I scrabbled for a handhold and hoisted my self up.   我胡乱抓住一个支撑点爬了上去。
hoist a flag 
■to raise a flag to the top of a pole using a rope    升旗verb transitive 
be hoist(ed) with/by your own petard formal 
■to suffer harm from a plan by which you had intended to harm someone else    害人反害己，拿石头砸自己的脚noun countable 
■a device used for lifting heavy things    起重机



★☆☆   hoity-toity
—————————————————
UK adjective informal disapproving 
■behaving as if you are better or more important than other people    自高自大的，傲慢的



★☆☆   hokey
—————————————————
UK adjective US informal 
■too emotional or artificial and therefore difficult to believe    做作的，虚伪的
The ending of the movie was awful hokey.   这部电影的结尾极其矫揉造作。



★☆☆   hoki
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■a large sea fish from New Zealand which you can eat    鳕鱼，福气鱼（可食用的纽西兰大型海鱼）



★☆☆   hokum
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable mainly US informal 
■a film, play or television programme which does not show life as it really is 
  （电影、戏剧或电视节目）不现实的，胡编乱造的，低劣的
As a whole the series was never less than watchable - hokum, perhaps, but entertaining.   整体来说，这部系列剧还是有些看头的——或许有些作假，但还是挺有意思的。



★☆☆   hold
—————————————————
UK verb (held, held)
SUPPORT  支撑  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to take and keep something in your hand or arms    握住，抓住
Can you hold the bag while I open the door?   我开门时，你能帮我拿一下提包吗？
He was holding a gun.   他当时正拿着一把枪。
The little girl held her mother's hand.   这个小女孩抓着妈妈的手。
He held her in his arms.   他把她抱在怀里。
[+ obj + adj] Could you hold the door open , please?   你能扶住门让它一直开着吗？
Rosie held out an apple for the horse.   罗西拿着一个苹果伸向那匹马。
All those who agree please hold up their hand (= raise their arm).   同意的请举手。
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to support something    支撑，承受
Will the rope be strong enough to hold my weight?   这根绳子承受得住我的重量吗？
Each wheel is held on with four bolts.   每个轮胎都由四颗螺栓固定。
The parts are held together with glue.   这些部件是用胶水黏在一起的。
hold your nose 
■to press your nose tightly between thumb and finger in order to close it    捏住鼻子
I have to hold my nose when I jump into water.   我跳到水里时，必须捏住鼻子。
hold hands  ADVANCED  
■When two people hold hands, one person holds the other person's hand in their hand, especially to show that they love each other 
  （尤指为了表示两人相爱）手拉着手
They walked along holding hands.   他们手拉着手向前走。
⇨ See also hand in handUK verb (held, held)
CONTAIN  包含  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive not continuous 
■to contain or be able to contain something    容纳，包含
This jug holds exactly one pint.   这个壶子的容量刚好是一品脱。
One bag won't hold all of the shopping - we'd better take two.   买的这些东西一个袋子装不下——我们最好拿两个。
Modern computers can hold huge amounts of information.   现代的电脑能储存大量的资料。
transitive not continuous 
■to have or contain something which you will experience    包含（要经历的事）
Who can tell what the future holds?   谁又能知道将来会发生甚么事呢？
She's very religious, so death holds no fear for her.   她笃信宗教，所以死亡对她来说一点也不可怕。UK verb (held, held)
CONTROL  控制  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to have something, especially a position or money, or to control something    拥有；担任；控制
He currently holds the position of technical manager.   他目前担任技术经理的职务。
The bank holds large reserves of gold.   这家银行拥有大量黄金储备。
Despite incurring heavy losses, the rebels now hold the town and the surrounding hills.   尽管损失惨重，但现在叛军控制了该镇及周围的小山。UK verb (held, held)
KEEP  保持  
 IMPROVER  transitive 
■to keep something, especially when it might have been lost    保持，保留
I asked the shop to hold the dress for me until this afternoon.   我要那家商店帮我把那件衣服留到今天下午。
You have to be a fairly good speaker to hold an audience's attention/interest.   要想吸引观众的注意力／兴趣，你得成为一个相当出色的演讲者才行。
 IMPROVER  transitive 
■to keep someone in a place so that they cannot leave    拘留，扣押
The police are holding several people in custody (= at the police station) for questioning.   警方拘留了几个人进行询问。
[+ obj + noun] The terrorists held him hostage for 18 months.   恐怖分子将他扣为人质达18个月之久。
I was held prisoner in a tiny attic room.   我被囚禁在一间小阁楼里。UK verb (held, held)
MAKE HAPPEN  使发生  
transitive 
■to make something, especially a meeting or an election happen    使发生；举行（尤指会议或选举）
Could we hold a meeting to discuss this tomorrow afternoon?   明天下午我们开会讨论这件事好吗？
The election will be held on 8th of August.   选举将于8月8日举行。
I find it's almost impossible to hold a sensible conversation with her.   我发现和她进行理性对谈几乎不可能。UK verb (held, held)
CONTINUE  继续  
intransitive or transitive 
■to cause to stay or continue in the same way as before    使保持（某种状态）；持续
Let's hope our good luck holds.   希望我们好运不断。
I hope the repair holds until we get the car to a garage.   我希望这样维修能让我们一直把车子开到修车厂。
The old adage that 'money talks' still holds true (= is still true).   那句古老的谚语｢有钱能使鬼推磨｣现在依然所言甚是。
The government is committed to holding exports at their present level.   政府承诺继续保持现有的出口标准。
The ship/aircraft held its course.   这艘船／这架飞机定住了航向。UK verb (held, held)
BELIEVE  相信  
transitive not continuous 
■to believe an idea or opinion    相信，确信
[+ to infinitive] Small amounts of alcohol are held to be good for the heart.   据信少量饮酒对心脏有好处。
You sold it to me, so if it breaks I'll hold you responsible (= make you take responsibility).   是你把它卖给我，所以如果坏了你得负责。UK verb (held, held)
DELAY  耽搁  
intransitive or transitive 
■to wait, or to stop something temporarily    等待；暂时阻止；推迟
They've decided to hold all future deliveries until the invoice has been paid.   他们决定，在对方付清出货单上的货款之前，暂停所有未来的交货。
How long can you hold your breath (= stop breathing) ?   你憋气能憋多久？
Will you hold my calls for the next half hour please?   半小时内请不要把电话转进来，好吗？
She's on the phone at the moment - will you hold (the line) (= wait on the telephone until she can speak to you) ?   她在讲电话——你能等一会儿吗？UK verb (held, held)
NOT INCLUDE  不包括  
transitive US 
■If you ask someone to hold something, you do not want them to include it    不包括，排除在外
I'd like a ham sandwich on rye, hold the lettuce.   我要一个黑麦面包三明治，不要加生菜。UK verb (held, held)
can't hold your drink (US usually can't hold your liquor) disapproving 
■If you can't hold your drink, you feel ill quickly when you drink alcohol.    酒量小UK verb (held, held)
can't hold a candle to 
■to not be as good as the person or thing mentioned    不能和…相比
Her latest book is readable enough, but it can't hold a candle to her earlier work.   她最新出版的书有一定的可读性，但无法跟早期的作品媲美。UK verb (held, held)
don't hold your breath informal 
■do not expect a stated thing to happen for a very long time    别指望…能长久
She said she'd get back to us, but don't hold your breath!   她说她要报复我们，但是过不了多久她就会忘了！UK verb (held, held)
hold all the cards 
■to be in a strong position when you are competing with someone else, because you have all the advantages    处于优势，掌控局面
Management holds all the cards when it comes to the negotiations over job cuts.   当开始协商裁员问题时，管理阶层就处于绝对优势。UK verb (held, held)
hold court mainly humorous 
■to receive a lot of attention from other people who stand or sit round you to listen, especially on a social occasion 
  （尤指在社交场合）引起周围人的注意
Patrick is holding court at the end table.   派翠克在茶几旁被不少人围着。UK verb (held, held)
hold down a job 
■to manage to keep a job for a period of time    保住工作，保住饭碗UK verb (held, held)
Hold everything! informal 
■used to tell someone to stop what they are doing    停下！
Hold everything! He's changed his mind again.   等等！他又改变主意了。UK verb (held, held)
hold good 
■to continue to be true    保持有效，仍是真的
Their arguments were valid a hundred years ago and they still hold good today.   100年前他们的论点令人信服，今天也仍然适用。UK verb (held, held)
hold your head (up) high 
■to be very confident and proud 
  （表示自信和骄傲）扬着头
If you know that you did your best, you can hold your head high.   如果你知道自己已经尽全力，你就可以昂头挺胸，无愧于心。UK verb (held, held)
hold your horses old-fashioned informal 
■used to tell someone to stop and consider carefully their decision or opinion about something    停下来想想；且慢
Just hold your horses, Bill! Let's think about this for a moment.   且慢，比尔！我们先考虑一下这件事。UK verb (held, held)
Hold it! informal 
■used to tell someone to wait or stop doing something    等等！
Hold it! I haven't got my coat on yet.   等一下！我还没穿上大衣呢。   


hold 1	2. Hold it! What are you saying?
 等等！你在说甚么？
UK verb (held, held)
hold on/tight 
■to make yourself continue to do what you are doing or stay where you are although it is difficult or unpleasant    坚持下去，继续
If you can just hold on I'll go and get some help.   如果你能坚持一下，我会去找人帮忙的。UK verb (held, held)
hold your own (also hold your (own) ground) 
■to be as successful as other people or things in a situation 
  （与…）同样成功；（与…）相匹敌
Josie can hold her own in any argument.   乔茜无论跟谁辩论都能不落下风。
■to not become more ill or more weak    保持目前的健康状况
He's still ill but holding his own.   他仍旧生着病，但身体状况并没有进一步恶化。UK verb (held, held)
hold still 
■used to tell someone to stop moving    别动
Hold still, this won't hurt.   别动，这不会很痛。UK verb (held, held)
hold sway 
■to have power or a very strong influence    掌握权力；有很大影响
Fundamentalist beliefs hold sway over whole districts, ensuring the popularity of religious leaders.   原教旨主义信仰在整个地区处于支配地位，因而确保了宗教领袖的声望。UK verb (held, held)
hold that thought 
■used for telling someone to remember an idea or thought that has just been mentioned, especially because it will be useful later    记住…（让某人记住刚刚提到的想法或主意，以便随后派上用场）UK verb (held, held)
hold the floor 
■to speak to a group of people, often for a long time, without allowing anyone else to speak 
  （对一群人）滔滔不绝地讲话UK verb (held, held)
hold (down) the fort humorous 
■to have responsibility for something while someone is absent    暂时负责，代管
I'll be out of the office for a few hours - will you hold the fort until I get back?   我要离开办公室几小时——你能在我回来之前，替我照顾一下吗？UK verb (held, held)
hold the key 
■to have control of something    掌控，支配
Because the two main parties have won almost the same number of votes, the minority group holds the key to the result.   由于两个主要政党的得票数几乎相等，所以少数派集团将决定最后的结果。UK verb (held, held)
hold the reins 
■be in control    掌管，掌握
She's the boss but her secretary often seems to hold the reins.   她是老板，但她的秘书似乎常常掌管一切。UK verb (held, held)
hold the road 
■If a vehicle holds the road, its wheels stay firmly on the road and do not slide while moving. 
  （车辆）平稳地行驶
⇨ See also roadholdingUK verb (held, held)
hold your tongue 
■to not speak    别说话
Hold your tongue, young man!   年轻人，别说话！
I'm going to have to learn to hold my tongue (= to not say things that upset people).   我以后得学会管好自己的嘴巴，以免惹恼别人。UK verb (held, held)
hold water 
■If a reason, argument or explanation holds water, it is true    站得住脚，属实
Her alibi just didn't hold water.   她的不在场证据根本站不住脚。UK verb (held, held)
there is no holding sb (back) 
■If there is no holding someone (back), they do what they want to do eagerly and cannot be stopped.    甚么也拦不住（某人）UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   hold it/that against sb 
■to like someone less because they have done something wrong or behaved badly in the past 
  （因…而）怨恨（某人）
He made a mistake but I don't hold it against him - we all make mistakes.   他犯了个错误，但我并不因此而怨恨他——我们大家都会犯错的。UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   hold back 
■to not do something, often because of fear or because you do not want to make a bad situation worse 
  （常指因恐惧或不愿让事情变得更糟而）退缩，不做
He held back, terrified of going into the dark room.   他因不敢进入黑暗的房间而退缩了。UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] hold sb/sth back 
STOP DEVELOPMENT  
■to stop someone or something developing or doing as well as they should    阻碍…的发展
She felt that having children would hold her back.   她觉得生小孩会阻碍她发展事业。
STOP MOVEMENT  
■If you hold something back, you stop it coming or advancing    阻挡，阻止
Sandbags will hold the flood waters back for a while.   沙包将会挡住洪水一段时间。UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] hold sth back 
■to keep information secret from someone on purpose    隐瞒，不透露（情况）UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] hold sb/sth down 
■to keep someone or something in a particular place or position and to stop them from moving    把…按住；使…无法动弹
He was struggling so much it took three officers to hold him down.   他挣扎得很厉害，用了三名员警才将他制伏。UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] hold sth down 
■to keep something, especially costs, at a low level    保持…处于低水准；（尤指）保持（低成本）
to hold down prices/wages   平抑价格／工资UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   hold forth usually disapproving 
■to talk about a particular subject for a long time, often in a way that other people find boring    滔滔不绝地说；发表长篇大论
She held forth all afternoon about/on government incompetence.   她整个下午都在滔滔不绝地谈论政府的无能之处。UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   hold off 
NOT DO  
■to not do something immediately    推迟，延迟
[+ -ing verb] Let's hold off making a decision until next week.   我们延到下周再作决定吧。
US They've decided to hold off on buying a car until they're both working.   他们决定等两人都开始工作之后再买车。
RAIN/STORM  
■If rain or a storm holds off, it does not start immediately. 
  （雨或风暴）延缓，迟迟不来UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] hold sb off 
■to stop someone from attacking or defeating you    抵抗（某人）攻击；抵御（某人）
How much longer will the resistance fighters be able to hold off the enemy?   防御的战士还能抵挡敌人多久？UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   hold on 
WAIT  
 ADVANCED  informal 
■to wait for a short time    等一下
Hold on, I'll check in my diary.   等一下，我要查查我的记事簿。
HOLD  
 ADVANCED  
■to hold something or someone firmly with your hands or arms    紧紧抓住，抱牢
She held on tightly to his waist.   她紧紧抱住了他的腰。UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   hold onto sth  ADVANCED  
■to hold something or someone firmly with your hands or your arms    紧紧抓住，抱牢
Hold onto the rope and don't let go.   紧紧抓住那条绳子，别松手。UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   hold onto/on to sth 
■to keep something you have    保留，保存
Hold on to your ticket - you'll need it later.   留着你的票——以后还会用到的。
Lewis held onto the lead until the final lap.   直到最后一圈路易士还保持领先。UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   hold out 
■to continue to defend yourself against an enemy or attack without being defeated    抵抗，抵御
■1. They won't be able to hold out much longer under this sort of bombardment.


hold 2	 在这样的炮火轰击之下，他们抵抗不了多久。
SUPPLY OF STH  
■If a supply of something such as food or money holds out, there is enough of it to last for a particular period of time. 
  （食物、钱等的供应）维持，持续UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   hold sth out 
■to offer a possibility, solution, hope, etc    表明（有可能或有解决办法）；抱有（希望）
Few people hold out any hope of finding more survivors.   几乎没人抱希望会找到更多幸存者。UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   hold out for sth 
■to wait until you get what you want    坚持要求得到…
The workers are holding out for a 10% pay rise.   工人坚持要求得到10%的加薪。
The other side are holding out for a higher price.   另一方坚持要更高的价钱。UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   hold out on sb    informal 
■to refuse to give help or information to someone    拒绝帮助（某人）；向（某人）隐瞒情况
Don't hold out on me - I need to know who did it.   别瞒着我——我需要知道是谁做的。
■mainly US informal 
■to refuse to give money to someone    拒绝给（某人）钱UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   hold sth over US 
■If a film, play, etc. is held over, it is shown or performed more times than was originally planned, usually because it is very popular with the public.    加映，加演（电影、戏剧等）UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   hold sb to sth 
■to cause someone to act on a promise or agreement    使（某人）遵守（诺言或协议）
We'll hold him to the exact terms of the contract.   我们会让他严格遵守合约条款。UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   hold up 
■to remain strong or successful    保持强壮；保持成功
Will his alibi hold up (= continue to seem true) in court?   他的不在场证据在法庭上站得住脚吗？
I hope the repairs hold up until we can get to a garage.   我希望这样维修能让我们撑到找到修车厂为止。UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] hold sb/sth up 
DELAY  
■to delay someone or something    耽搁，延误
Traffic was held up for several hours by the accident.   那宗事故造成长达几个小时的交通阻塞。
STEAL  
■to steal from someone using violence or the threat of violence    抢劫，打劫
They held the same bank up twice in one week.   他们一周之内抢劫同一家银行两次。
He was held up at gunpoint by a gang of masked youths.   他被一帮蒙面年轻人持枪抢劫。UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   hold sth up as sth (also hold up sth as sth) 
■to use someone or something as an example of something, especially something very good    把…作为…的榜样
Sweden is often held up as an example of a successful social democracy.   瑞典经常被视为社会民主主义的成功典范。UK verb (held, held)
  Phrasal Verbs   not hold with sth formal 
■to not approve of an idea or activity    不同意，不赞成UK noun 
SUPPORT  支撑  
 IMPROVER  [S or U] 
■when you hold something or someone, or the way you do this    握，拿，抓
Keep a tight hold on your tickets.   拿好你们的票。
Don't worry if you lose hold of the reins - the horse won't wander off.   如果缰绳脱手也不用担心——这匹马是不会乱跑的。
⇨ See also foothold;handhold;toehold
catch/get/grab/take hold of sth/sb 
 IMPROVER  
■to start holding something or someone    抓住
He took hold of one end of the carpet and tugged.   他抓住地毯的一端用力拖。
I just managed to grab hold of Lucy before she fell in the pool.   我刚好在露西要掉进水池时抓住了她。
countable 
■in fighting sports, a position in which one person holds another person so that they cannot move part of their body    擒拿法
countable 
■a place to put the hands and feet, especially when climbing 
  （攀爬时的）支撑点，手攀（或脚踩）的地方UK noun 
CONTROL  控制  
only singular 
■power or control over something or someone    权力，控制
Their company has a strong hold on/over the computer market.   他们公司对电脑市场有很大影响力。UK noun 
DELAY  耽搁  
on hold 
■If you are on hold when using the telephone, you are waiting to speak to someone    不挂断电话等着
Mr Briggs is on hold.   布里格斯先生正在电话那头等着呢。
His phone is engaged - can I put you on hold?   他的电话忙线中——您不要挂断电话，等一会儿可以吗？
■If an activity is on hold, it has been intentionally delayed    被延后，被故意延迟
Everything's on hold again because of the bad weather.   因为天气恶劣，一切都再次延迟了。
The film's been put on hold until the financial situation improves.   那部电影暂时中止拍摄，直到财政状况有所好转为止。UK noun 
SPACE  空间  
countable 
■the space in a ship or aircraft in which goods are carried 
  （轮船或飞机的）货舱UK noun 
get hold of UK (US get ahold of) informal 
■to find someone or obtain something    找到（某人）；得到
Where can I get hold of some stamps?   我在哪里能找到些邮票？
How can I get ahold of Chris?   我如何才能找到克里斯？    mainly UK 
■to understand something    理解
This is a very difficult concept to get hold of.   这是一个很难理解的概念。UK noun 
no holds barred 
■without limits or controls    不受约束，没有限制
This is comedy with no holds barred.   这搞笑有点太过火了。



★☆☆   holdall
—————————————————
UK noun countable (US usually carryall) mainly UK 
■a small case used for carrying clothes and personal things when travelling    小旅行箱



★☆☆   holder
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
CONTAINER  容器  
■a device for putting objects in or for keeping them in place    支撑物，支托物
a toothbrush holder   牙刷架
a cigarette holder   烟嘴UK noun countable 
OWNER  拥有者  
■someone who officially owns something    持有人，拥有者
an account/licence/passport holder   帐户／执照／护照持有人
Holders of shares in the company receive various benefits.   公司的股东有多种收益。
⇨ See also shareholder



★☆☆   holding
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■something that you own such as shares in a company or buildings, or land which you rent and farm    私人股份；私人建筑；租用的农田
To ensure security the investment fund has holdings in many companies.   为确保资金安全，投资基金会持有多家公司的股份。



★☆☆   holding company 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a company whose main purpose is to control another company or companies through owning shares in it or them    控股公司



★☆☆   holding operation
—————————————————
UK 
noun countable usually singular 
■a temporary way of dealing with a situation until a new and better way can be introduced    临时措施
This is just a holding operation until we get the new management structure sorted out.   这只是我们在建立新的管理架构之前采取的临时措施。



★☆☆   holdout
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person, organization or country that continues to do something, despite other people trying to force them not to    顽固坚持者，拒不妥协者
It's time to shame holdouts like the USA into signing the treaty.   现在到了该让像美国这样的顽固国家无地自容而不得不签署这项条约的时候。



★☆☆   hold-up
—————————————————
UK noun 
DELAY  耽搁  
countable informal 
■a delay    耽搁，延误
Come on, let's go. What's the hold-up?   快点走啦。磨蹭甚么呢？UK noun 
STEAL  偷窃  
countable 
■when someone steals from someone else using violence or the threat of violence    打劫；暴力抢劫
In the hold-up, a masked youth threatened the bank staff with a gun.   在这抢劫事件中，一个蒙面的年轻歹徒用枪威胁银行职员。UK noun 
CLOTHING  衣服  
hold-ups [plural] 
■stockings (= light coverings for the legs and feet) which are elasticated (= stretch) or have a piece of sticky material at the top and can hold themselves up 
  （上端带粘扣的）长筒丝袜



★☆☆   hole
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
SPACE  空间  
 ESSENTIAL  
■an empty space in an object, usually with an opening to the object's surface, or an opening which goes completely through an object    洞，孔
We dug a hole and planted the tree.   我们挖了个洞栽种那棵树。
My jumper's got a hole in it.   我的套头衫上破了个洞。
Drill a hole through the back of the cupboard and pass the wires through.   在壁橱后面钻个洞，把电线穿过去。
■in golf, one of the small circular spaces in the ground into which the ball is hit 
  （高尔夫球运动中的）球洞
■in golf, one of the usually 18 areas of play 
  （高尔夫球运动中）从球座到球洞的区域
the famous 18-hole Old Course at St. Andrews   圣安德鲁著名的18洞老高尔夫球场UK noun countable 
PLACE  地方  
■a place in the ground where a small animal lives 
  （小动物的）洞穴
a mouse/rabbit/fox hole   老鼠／兔子／狐狸洞
■informal 
■a small unpleasant place where someone lives    狭小的住所
What a hole that house was - I'm so pleased we moved.   那所房子真小——真庆幸我们搬出来了。
⇨ See also hole in the wallUK noun countable 
FAULT  过错  
■a mistake or problem in the reasoning of an argument, discussion, plan, etc    缺点，漏洞，破绽
The new proposal has several holes in it.   那项新提案有几处漏洞。UK noun countable 
be in a hole UK informal 
■to be in a difficult or an embarrassing situation    处于困境；处于窘境
We've lost the order and we're in a bit of a hole.   我们失去了订单，因而处境有些困难。UK noun countable 
be in the hole US informal 
■to be in debt    欠债，亏空
After selling all its assets, the bank was still half a million dollars in the hole.   卖掉所有资产之后，那家银行仍然欠债50万美元。UK noun countable 
a hole in one 
■in golf, when someone's ball goes into the hole the first time they hit it, which is rare 
  （打高尔夫球时的）一杆进洞UK noun countable 
make a hole in sth UK 
■to reduce an amount of money by a lot    大量消耗
The holiday made a big hole in our savings but I'm glad we went.   这次渡假花掉我们一大笔积蓄，但是我对这次旅行很满意。UK noun countable 
need sth like you need a hole in the head humorous 
■to not need or want something at all    根本不需要
Extra work? I need that like I need a hole in the head.   额外的工作？我才不想做呢。UK noun countable 
  Common Learner Errors   hole or whole?   Warning: Choose the right word!   These two words sound the same, but they are spelled differently and have completely different meanings.UK verb transitive specialized 
■to make a hole in something, especially a ship or boat 
  （尤指给船）钻洞，打洞
A torpedo holed the ship below the water and it quickly sank.   一枚鱼雷在水下把船炸了个洞，船迅速下沉。UK verb transitive specialized 
be holed up 
■to be hiding in a safe place    躲起来
The robbers were holed up in a deserted warehouse.   那些强盗藏身于一座废弃的仓库中。UK verb transitive specialized 
  Phrasal Verbs   hole up (somewhere) informal 
■to stay in a safe place, often as a way of escape    躲藏，隐藏
We'd better find some shelter and hole up until the storm passes.   我们最好找个藏身之处来躲过风暴。




★☆☆   hole in the heart 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a medical condition in which there is an additional opening between the main parts of the heart    先天性心膜缺损



★☆☆   hole in the wall 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
MONEY  钱     UK informal for 
■cash machine noun countable usually singular 
BUILDING  建筑物     US 
■a small, often unpleasant, shop, house or restaurant    小商店；小餐馆；狭小的房子
It's just a hole in the wall but the food is good.   虽说只是家小餐馆，但食物还不错。



★☆☆   hole punch(er)
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a device used for making holes in pieces of paper so that they can be fastened together    打洞器



★☆☆   holiday
—————————————————
UK noun 
 ESSENTIAL  countable or uncountable UK (UK informal holidays) (UK informal hols) (US vacation) 
■a time, often one or two weeks, when someone does not go to work or school but is free to do what they want, such as travel or relax    假期，假日
a camping/skiing holiday   露营／滑雪渡假
Have you decided where you're going for your holiday(s) this year?   你决定今年到哪里渡假了吗？
Patricia is on holiday next week.   派翠夏下星期休假。
How many days' holiday do you get with your new job?   你的新工作有几天假期？
We thought we'd go to France for our summer holiday.   我们想去法国过暑假。
Surely the school holidays start soon.   想必学校马上就要放假了吧。
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■an official day when you do not have to go to work or school    法定假日，节日
a public holiday   公众假期
St Patrick's Day is a holiday in Ireland.   圣派翠克节是爱尔兰的一个节日。UK verb intransitive usually + adverb or preposition UK (US vacation) 
■to take a holiday    去渡假
My parents are holidaying in Spain this year.   我的父母今年要去西班牙渡假。



★☆☆   holiday camp
—————————————————
UK 
noun countable 
■a place where people on holiday can stay and different types of entertainment are provided for them    假日露营地



★☆☆   holidaymaker
—————————————————
UK noun countable UK (US vacationer) 
■a person who is on holiday away from where they usually live    渡假者



★☆☆   holier-than-thou
—————————————————
UK adjective disapproving 
■If a person is holier-than-thou, they think that they are morally better than anyone else.    自以为道德上高人一等的



★☆☆   Holiness
—————————————————
UK noun 
His/Your Holiness 
■a title used when talking to or about the Pope 
  （对罗马教皇的尊称）陛下
Yes, Your Holiness.   是的，教皇陛下。



★☆☆   holiness
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the quality of being holy    神圣；圣洁；虔诚
This temple is a place of great holiness for the religion's followers.   这座庙宇对于这种宗教的信徒来说是一大圣地。



★☆☆   holism
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the belief that each thing is a whole which is more important than the parts that make it up    整体论



★☆☆   holistic
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■dealing with or treating the whole of something or someone and not just a part    整体的，全面的
My doctor takes a holistic approach to disease.   我的医生采用了一种全面性的治疗方法。
Ecological problems usually require holistic solutions.   生态问题通常需要全面性的解决方法。



★☆☆   holistic medicine 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■treatment which deals with the whole person, not just the injury or disease    整体医学



★☆☆   Holland
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Holland    荷兰



★☆☆   holler
—————————————————
UK US mainly US informal 
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to shout loudly    大声叫喊
He was hollering something about seeing a snake.   他在叫喊他看到了一条蛇。



★☆☆   hollow
—————————————————
UK adjective 
EMPTY  空的  
 ADVANCED  
■having a hole or empty space inside    空的，空心的
a hollow tube   空心管子
Hollow blocks are used because they are lighter.   使用空心砖是因为它们更轻。
a hollow log   空心的原木
hollow cheeks/eyes 
■If someone has hollow cheeks or eyes, their cheeks curve in or their eyes look deep in their head because they are old, tired, or ill.    凹陷的脸颊／眼窝UK adjective 
NOT SINCERE  虚伪的  
■(of situations, feelings or words) without value; not true or sincere 
  （局面、情感或言语）无价值的，空洞的，虚伪的
It was something of a hollow victory - she won the case but lost all her savings in legal fees.   这是一个毫无价值的胜利——她赢了诉讼，却也为此花光了所有积蓄。
Even sex had become a hollow pleasure.   甚至连性都变得无聊乏味，失去了原有的乐趣。
Will their good intentions become realities or are they just hollow promises?   他们的美好愿望会变成现实吗？或者只是空口诺言？UK adjective 
SOUND  声音  
■(of sound) as if made by hitting an empty container 
  （声音）空洞的，低沉的
a hollow sound   低沉的声音
This tree trunk sounds hollow.   这棵树的树干敲起来声音空洞。UK adjective 
ring/sound hollow 
■If something someone says rings hollow, it does not sound true or sincere.    显得虚假；听起来不诚恳UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] hollow sth out 
■to make an empty space inside something    把…挖空；使变空
Sand carried by the wind has hollowed out the base of the cliff.   风挟带的沙子将悬崖的底部掏空了。UK noun countable 
■a hole or empty space in something, or a low area in a surface    坑；洞
The dog found a hollow in the ground to hide in from the wind.   那只狗在地上发现了一个可以钻进去避风的洞。
■(also Hollow) US 
■a valley    山谷
We used to go for long walks in the hollow.   我们以前常去山谷远足。
Sleepy Hollow   睡谷



★☆☆   hollow-cheeked
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes a person whose face is too thin    脸颊凹陷的



★☆☆   hollow-eyed
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes a person whose eyes seem to have sunk into their face because of illness or tiredness 
  （因疾病或疲劳）眼窝深陷的



★☆☆   hollowly
—————————————————
UK adverb 
NOT SINCERE  虚伪地  
■in a way that does not sound true or sincere    虚伪地；空洞地UK adverb 
SOUND  声音  
■making a sound as if hitting an empty container 
  （声音）空洞地，低沉地
Her footsteps echoed hollowly in the quiet streets.   她那低沉的脚步声回荡在寂静的街道。



★☆☆   holly
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■a small evergreen (= never losing its leaves) tree with shiny sharp leaves and small round red fruit    冬青



★☆☆   hollyhock
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a garden plant which has very tall stems covered with brightly coloured flowers    蜀葵（一种观赏植物）



★☆☆   Hollywood
—————————————————
UK noun 
■the centre of the US film industry    好莱坞（美国电影业中心）



★☆☆   holocaust
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a very large amount of destruction, especially by fire or heat, or the killing of very large numbers of people    大屠杀，大毁灭，浩劫
A nuclear holocaust (= destruction caused by nuclear weapons) would leave few survivors.   一场核武浩劫后，几乎没多少幸存者。



★☆☆   hologram
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a special type of photograph or image made with a laser in which the objects shown look solid, as if they are real, rather than flat    全息图，全息影像



★☆☆   holography
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the making of holograms    全息摄影术，全息术



★☆☆   hols
—————————————————
UK plural noun    UK informal for 
■holiday 



★☆☆   Holstein
—————————————————
UK noun countable    US for 
■Friesian 



★☆☆   holster
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a small case usually made of leather and fixed on a belt or a strap, used for carrying a gun    手枪皮套



★☆☆   holy
—————————————————
UK adjective 
RELIGIOUS  虔诚的  
 ADVANCED  
■related to a religion or a god    神圣的；上帝的
holy scriptures/rites   圣经／神圣的仪式
■very religious or pure    虔诚的；圣洁的
a holy person   圣洁的人UK adjective 
EMPHASIS  强调  
Holy cow/mackerel/shit, etc! mainly US informal 
■used to show surprise, fear, etc 
  （表示惊讶、恐惧等）天哪！
Holy cow! How did you get that black eye?   天哪！你的眼睛怎么瘀血了？



★☆☆   Holy Communion 
—————————————————
noun uncountable formal 
■Communion 



★☆☆   holy orders 
—————————————————
plural noun 
■the ceremony by which someone becomes a priest in some parts of the Christian Church    牧师授职仪式，圣职受任仪式
Will you be taking holy orders?   你愿意接受圣职，出任牧师吗？



★☆☆   Holy Spirit 
—————————————————
noun only singular (also Holy Ghost) 
■in the Christian Church, God in the form of a spirit    圣灵



★☆☆   holy war 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a war fought to defend religious beliefs or to force others to follow a different religion    圣战（指为了保卫宗教信仰或强迫他人信仰不同的宗教而进行的战争）
⇨ See also crusade;jihad



★☆☆   Holy Week 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■the week before Easter Sunday    复活节前的一周



★☆☆   homage
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■deep respect and often praise shown for a person or god    崇敬，敬意
On this occasion we pay homage to him for his achievements.   在此我们谨就他取得的成就向他表示敬意。



★☆☆   homburg
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a man's hat with a wide curled brim and a fold in the middle of the top    霍姆堡毡帽；卷边男毡帽



★☆☆   home
—————————————————
UK noun 
HOUSE/APARTMENT  房子／公寓  
 ESSENTIAL  countable or uncountable 
■the house, apartment, etc. where you live, especially with your family    家，住宅
The senator has two homes - an apartment in Washington and a house in Colorado.   这位参议员有两个家——一个是位于华盛顿的公寓，另一个是科罗拉多的家。
He was living on the streets for three months, and his home was a cardboard box.   他在大街上住了三个月，他的家就是一个厚纸箱。
Phone me at home after four o'clock.   四点之后打家里的电话找我。
I took home a couple of books to read.   我带一些书回家阅读。
He left home (= stopped living with his parents) when he was 23.   他23岁时离家独立生活。
More and more couples are setting up home together without getting married.   越来越多伴侣不结婚就组成家庭。
countable 
■a house, apartment, etc. when it is considered as property which you can buy or sell 
  （作为财产的）房屋，住宅
luxury/starter homes   豪华住宅／作为过度而买的第一间小房子
countable 
■the type of family you come from    家庭
We had a happy home.   我们有一个幸福的家庭。
children from a broken home (= from a family in which the parents had separated)   来自破碎家庭的孩子
countable 
■a place where people or animals live and are cared for by people who are not their relations or owners    养育院；收容所；…之家
a children's home/an old people's home/a dogs' home   孤儿院／养老院／流狼狗收容所
He spent his early years in a home.   他的幼年时期在孤儿院度过。
  Common Learner Errors   home   Warning: to talk about movement towards or away from someone's own home, you do not need a preposition.   Don't say 'go/come/arrive/leave to/at home', say go/come/arrive/leave home :
✗ When I arrived to home, I realised my bag was missing.   When I arrived home, I realised my bag was missing.   To talk about someone moving towards or away from a home that is not their own, it is usual to use a preposition.   You are welcome to come to my home.UK noun 
ORIGIN  起源  
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable 
■someone's or something's place of origin, or the place where a person feels they belong    出生地；发源地；故乡
I live in London, but my home (= where I was born) is in Yorkshire.   我住在伦敦，但在约克郡出生。
I was actually born in New Zealand, but I've lived in England for so long that it feels like home now.   我实际上在纽西兰出生，但在英格兰住了这么久，现在感觉就像故乡一样。UK noun 
COUNTRY  国家  
 ADVANCED  countable or uncountable 
■your own country or your own area    本国；故乡
I wonder what they're doing back home.   我纳闷他们在国内在做甚么。
be/play at home 
■If a sports team are/play at home, they play on their own sports field.    在主场进行比赛UK noun 
be home and dry (Australian be home and hosed) 
■to have successfully finished something    成功地完成
We just have to finish this section, then we're home and dry.   我们只需完成这个部分，然后就大功告成了。UK noun 
be home free US informal 
■to be certain to succeed at something because you have done the most difficult part of it    确信即将成功，胜利在望
Once you leave the main road and cross the bridge, you're home free - we live just three houses further on.   你一旦离开主要马路过了桥，就快到了——再过三间房子就是我们家。UK noun 
be/feel at home  ADVANCED  
■to feel comfortable and relaxed    感觉自在，不拘束
By the end of the week she was beginning to feel at home in her new job.   到一周快结束时，她开始适应新工作了。UK noun 
bring sth home (to sb) 
■to make someone understand something much more clearly than they did before, especially something unpleasant 
  （让某人）更清楚地理解（尤指不愉快的事）
When I saw for myself the damage that had been caused, that really brought home to me the scale of the disaster.   当亲眼看到造成的损失时，我才真正明白灾难的规模有多大。UK noun 
come home to sb 
■If something comes home to someone, they understand it clearly 
  （某人）完全明白
The danger really came home to me when I saw the pictures on TV.   当看到电视上的画面时，我才真正知道有多危险。UK noun 
drive/hammer sth home 
■to say something clearly and with a lot of force so that you are certain people understand it    把…讲清楚，使人完全明白
She really drove home the message that we need to economize.   她讲得很清楚，我们需要节约。UK noun 
home from home UK (US home away from home) 
■a place where you feel as comfortable as you do in your own home    像家一样舒适的地方；宾至如归的地方
The hotel was a real home from home.   那家饭店真的像家里一样舒服。UK noun 
make yourself at home 
■to relax and make yourself comfortable in someone else's home    请随便，别拘束UK adjective 
DONE/USED AT HOME  家用的  
■done at home, or intended to be used at home    家庭的；家用的
home cooking   家庭烹饪
home-brewed beer   家酿啤酒（私酿啤酒）
a home computer   家用电脑UK adjective 
COUNTRY  国家  
[before noun] 
■connected with or done in your own country    本国的
His books were a success in his home market , but failed to find an audience abroad.   他的书在本国市场很畅销，但在国外却没有甚么读者。UK adjective 
SPORTS  运动  
■relating to the place where a sports event happens    在主场比赛的
the home team/side   地主队／东道主UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   home in on sth/sb informal 
■to aim for    瞄准，对准
The missile homed in on the ship.   导弹瞄准那艘船。
■to find and give a lot of attention to something or someone    集中注意力于
The report homed in on the weaknesses in the management structure.   这篇报告重点论述了该管理体系的弱点。




★☆☆   home address 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■the address of the house or apartment you live in    家庭住址



★☆☆   home base 
—————————————————
noun 
BASEBALL  棒球  
uncountable 
■home plate noun 
PLACE  地点  
countable usually singular 
■a place where someone or something usually lives, works, or operates from 
  （人的）住所；（机构的）总部



★☆☆   homeboy
—————————————————
UK noun countable (also homey) US slang 
■a boy or man from your own town, or someone who is a close friend or a member of your gang    老乡；老友；伙伴



★☆☆   home buyer 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person who is buying a house or an apartment    购屋者



★☆☆   homecoming
—————————————————
UK noun 
ARRIVAL HOME  返家  
countable 
■a person's arrival home after being away for a long time 
  （长时间离开后）回家乡
They planned a special celebration for her homecoming.   他们为她回到家乡安排了一个特别的庆祝仪式。UK noun 
SCHOOL CELEBRATION  校庆  
countable or uncountable US 
■a celebration at a school or a college to honour people who were students there earlier    校友会活动



★☆☆   home economics 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■at school, the study of cooking, sewing and all matters relating to the management of a home    家政学



★☆☆   home-grown
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■from your own garden    自种的
home-grown vegetables   自种蔬菜
■If someone or something is home-grown, they belong to or were developed in your own country    本国的；土生土长的
She's a home-grown talent.   她是本土的天才。



★☆☆   home help 
—————————————————
noun countable UK 
■someone who is paid to help someone else with the cleaning of their home 
  （做家庭清洁工作的）家事助理



★☆☆   homeland
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the country you were born in    祖国
■(in the past) one of the areas in South Africa in which black people were separated from whites under the political system of apartheid 
  （过去南非实行种族隔离制度时划定的）黑人居住地



★☆☆   homeless
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■without a home    无家可归的
Accommodation needs to be found for thousands of homeless families.   数以千计无家可归的家庭需要住所。UK adjective 
  Common Learner Errors   homeless   Remember: homeless is an adjective.   To talk about people who do not have a home, don't say 'homeless', say the homeless or homeless people :   The charity provides shelter for the homeless.   The charity provides shelter for homeless people.UK plural noun 
the homeless 
■people who do not have a home, usually because they are poor 
  （通常因贫穷导致的）无家可归者



★☆☆   home loan 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■money borrowed from a bank or similar organization in order to buy a house or apartment    住房贷款



★☆☆   homely
—————————————————
UK adjective 
PLAIN  普通的     UK (US homey) 
■plain or ordinary, but pleasant    普通的；朴实无华的
The hotel was homely and comfortable.   这家饭店简洁朴素，令人感觉舒适惬意。UK adjective 
UGLY  丑陋的     US disapproving 
■describes a person who is ugly    长相难看的，丑陋的



★☆☆   homemade
—————————————————
(also home-made) UK adjective 
■made at home and not bought from a shop    家里自制的
homemade bread/cakes   自制的面包／蛋糕
homemade wine   自酿葡萄酒



★☆☆   homemaker
—————————————————
UK noun countable mainly US 
■a woman who manages a home and often raises children instead of earning money from a job    家庭主妇；持家的人    Compare house husband



★☆☆   home movie 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a film that you make yourself using a video camera , especially one of family or holiday activities 
  （尤指关于家庭或节日活动的）自摄影片



★☆☆   Home Office 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■the British government department which deals with matters inside Britain that are not the responsibility of other departments, for example justice and the rules for people from other countries entering Britain 
  （英国）内政部



★☆☆   homeopath
—————————————————
(UK also homoeopath) UK noun countable 
■a person who treats ill people by homeopathy    同种疗法医师



★☆☆   homeopathy
—————————————————
(UK also homoeopathy) UK noun uncountable 
■a system of treating diseases in which ill people are given very small amounts of natural substances which, in healthy people, would produce the same effects as the diseases produce    同种疗法



★☆☆   homeostasis
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable specialized 
■the ability or tendency of a living organism, cell or group to keep the conditions inside it the same despite any changes in the conditions around it, or this state of internal balance    内环境稳定，体内动态平衡（生物、活细胞、组织等，在其外部环境变化的情况下，保持内部不变或平衡状态的能力或趋向）；内部平衡状态
Warm-blooded animals are able to achieve temperature homeostasis.   温血动物能够平衡体温。



★☆☆   homeothermic
—————————————————
UK adjective specialized 
■If a living organism is homeothermic, it is able to keep its body temperature at the same level despite any change in the temperature around it    恒温的；温血的（生物在外部温度变化的情况下保持体温的能力）
Homeothermic animals are often described as warm-blooded.   恒温动物通常被称为温血动物。



★☆☆   homeowner
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who owns their house or apartment    屋主，住屋拥有者
The new law will benefit many homeowners.   这项新法律将会令许多拥有住屋的人受益。



★☆☆   home page 
—————————————————
noun [C usually sing] 
■the first page of a website which gives an introduction to the business or organization it belongs to and links to more detailed information on other pages 
  （网站的）首页
■a web page of your own choice that appears on your computer screen when you first connect to the Internet    首页，主页（电脑联网时首先连结到的网页，由用户自行选择）
To make this your home page, click here.   点击此处把此页设为首页。



★☆☆   home (phone) number 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■the telephone number at the house or apartment where you live    家用电话



★☆☆   home plate 
—————————————————
noun only singular (US informal the plate) 
■in baseball, the place that the player has to stand next to in order to hit the ball, and the last place they have to touch to score a point 
  （棒球运动中的）本垒板



★☆☆   homer
—————————————————
UK noun countable US informal 
■a home run 



★☆☆   home rule 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a political arrangement in which a part of a country governs itself independently of the central government of the country    地方自治



★☆☆   home run 
—————————————————
noun countable (informal homer) US 
■a point scored in baseball by hitting the ball so far that you have time to run all the way round the four corners of the playing field before it is returned 
  （棒球运动中的）全垒打



★☆☆   home schooling 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the teaching of children at home, usually by parents    家中教育，家庭教育（通常由父母充当教育者）



★☆☆   Home Secretary 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the British government politician who controls the Home Office 
  （英国的）内政大臣



★☆☆   home shopping 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■shopping from home by ordering goods from a magazine, a television programme, or from the Internet 
  （透过杂志、电视节目或网站进行的）家居购物



★☆☆   homesick
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■unhappy because of being away from home for a long period    思乡的，想家的
As I read my mother's letter, I began to feel more and more homesick.   我在读妈妈的来信时开始觉得越来越想家。



★☆☆   homespun
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■(of beliefs, theories, etc.) simple and ordinary 
  （信仰、理论等）简单朴实的，普通的
homespun philosophy/wisdom   朴素哲学／智慧



★☆☆   homestead
—————————————————
UK noun countable    mainly US 
■a house and the surrounding area of land usually used as a farm    农场，农庄（包括房屋及其周围田地）
■US 
■in the past, land given by the government for farming 
  （旧时政府资助的）农田UK verb intransitive or transitive US 
■in the past, to build a house and grow crops on land given by the government 
  （旧时）经营农庄



★☆☆   homesteader
—————————————————
UK US US 
noun countable 
■someone who goes to live and grow crops on land given by the government, especially in the past 
  （尤指旧时政府资助的）农庄拥有者
In the 1800s, thousands of homesteaders settled on the prairies of the western US.   19世纪，数以千计的农场主人来到美国西部的大草原上定居。



★☆☆   home straight 
—————————————————
noun only singular UK (US home stretch) 
■the last part of something which is being done 
  （事情的）最后一部分
It's taken three months so far, but we're on the home straight now.   到目前为止已经花了三个月时间，不过我们现在已经在做最后一部分了。
■the last part of a race 
  （赛跑的）最后冲刺



★☆☆   home town
—————————————————
(US usually hometown) 
noun countable 
■the town or city that a person is from, especially the one in which they were born and lived while they were young    家乡，故乡
He was born in Bristol, but he considers London his home town since he's lived there most of his life.   他出生在布里斯多，但却将伦敦视作自己的故乡，因为他一生的大部分时间都生活在那里。



★☆☆   home truth 
—————————————————
noun countable mainly UK 
■a piece of information which is not pleasant or wanted, but is true    令人不快的消息，坏消息
He decided it was time to tell her a few home truths.   他觉得是时候告诉她一些坏消息了。



★☆☆   homewards
—————————————————
UK US  (also homeward) 
adverb 
■towards home    向家乡；向本国
After three hours cycling we decided to turn homewards.   骑车走了三个小时后，我们决定掉头回家。



★☆☆   homework
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■work which teachers give their students to do at home    功课
You can't watch TV until you've done your homework.   做完功课之后你才能看电视。
history/geography homework   历史／地理功课UK noun uncountable 
do your homework 
■to study a subject or situation carefully so that you know a lot about it and can deal with it successfully    认真研究；仔细准备
It was obvious that she had done her homework and thoroughly prepared for her interview.   很明显她为面试做足了功课，准备很充分。



★☆☆   homeworker
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who does their job at home rather than in an office, factory, etc.    在家工作者



★☆☆   homey
—————————————————
UK noun countable US slang 
■homeboy UK adjective    US for 
■homely    家庭的；家常的



★☆☆   homicidal
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■likely to murder    杀人的；有杀人倾向的
a homicidal maniac   杀人狂



★☆☆   homicide
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable US formal or legal 
■(an act of) murder    谋杀（行为）
He was convicted of homicide.   他被判犯下谋杀罪。
The number of homicides in the city has risen sharply.   这个城市的杀人案件急剧增加。



★☆☆   homily
—————————————————
UK noun countable disapproving 
■a piece of spoken or written advice about how someone should behave    说教，布道
He launched into a homily on family relationships.   他开始就家庭关系进行说教。



★☆☆   homing
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■relating to the ability of some animals to find their way home, or (of an electronic device) producing a special signal so that it can be found using electronic equipment 
  （动物）有回家能力的；（电子设备）自动导向的
Migrating birds and fish have a strong homing instinct.   候鸟和洄游的鱼类有一种很强的返乡本能。
The president's car is equipped with a homing device.   总统的车装有自动导航设备。



★☆☆   homing pigeon 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a pigeon (= a type of bird) that is trained to return to its home from any place that it starts its journey    信鸽
⇨ See also carrier pigeon;racing pigeon



★☆☆   hominy
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable US 
■dried maize which is boiled and eaten    玉米糁（煮粥食用）



★☆☆   homoerotic
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■(of art, literature, etc.) connected to or causing homosexual desire or pleasure 
  （艺术、文学等）有同性恋色彩的
homoerotic photographs/literature   同性恋照片／文学



★☆☆   homogeneous
—————————————————
UK US  (also homogenous) 
adjective 
■consisting of parts or people which are similar to each other or are of the same type    由同类事物（或人）组成的；同类的；相似的
a homogeneous group/society   由同种族人组成的群体／社会
The population of the village has remained remarkably homogeneous.   这个村庄的人口保持着显著的同族特征。    Compare heterogeneous



★☆☆   homogenized
—————————————————
(UK usually homogenised) UK adjective specialized 
■describes milk which has been treated so that the cream is mixed into the other parts of the liquid 
  （牛奶）经过均质处理的



★☆☆   homogenous
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■homogeneous 



★☆☆   homograph
—————————————————
UK noun countable specialized 
■a word which is spelled the same as another word and might be pronounced the same or differently, but which has a different meaning    同形异义词（读音可能相同或不同）
'Bow' meaning the front of a ship, 'bow' meaning a loop made in a string or ribbon and 'bow' meaning a device used to shoot arrows are all homographs.   意为船头的 bow、意为用细绳或丝带打成的蝴蝶结的 bow 和意为射箭用具的 bow 是同形异义词。



★☆☆   homologous
—————————————————
UK adjective    formal 
■having a similar position, structure, value or purpose    相似的；相应的（有相似位置、结构、价值或目的等）
■specialized 
■in biology, having the same origin although now having a different purpose or shape as a result of evolution (= gradual change over millions of years)    同源的（生物学术语：经过了数百万年的进化演变，尽管形态、用途已不尽相同，但拥有相同的起源）
The wing of a bat and the arm of a man are homologous structures.   蝙蝠的翅膀和人类的手臂是相应的同源结构。



★☆☆   homonym
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a word that sounds the same or is spelled the same as another word but has a different meaning    同形（或同音）异义词
'No' and 'know' are homonyms.   no 和 know 是同音异义词。
'Bow' (= bend at the waist) and 'bow' (= weapon) are also homonyms.   意为鞠躬的 bow 和意为武器的 bow 也是同形异义词。



★☆☆   homophobia
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a fear or dislike of homosexuals    对同性恋的恐惧（或厌恶）



★☆☆   homophone
—————————————————
UK noun countable specialized 
■a word which is pronounced the same as another word but has a different meaning or a different spelling or both    同音词（读音相同，意义或写法不同）
The words 'so' and 'sew' are homophones.   so 和 sew 是同音词。



★☆☆   Homo sapiens
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable specialized 
■humans considered together as a type of animal    人类；智人



★☆☆   homosexual
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person, especially a man, who is sexually attracted to people of the same sex and not to people of the opposite sex 
  （尤指男性）同性恋者



★☆☆   homozygous
—————————————————
UK adjective specialized 
■having two of the same form of gene (= part of a cell containing DNA information) that controls a particular characteristic and is therefore able to pass on that form only    纯合子的；同型合子的（带有两种同型基因的，基因中包含控制细胞某种特性的 DNA 资讯，因此只可遗传同型基因的特性）
a homozygous cell   纯合子细胞    Compare heterozygous



★☆☆   Hon
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun]    abbreviation for 
■Honourable , when used as a title 
  （用于头衔）尊敬的
The report was written by a recently appointed judge, the Hon Mr Justice Carlton.   这份报告是由新近任命的尊敬的卡尔顿法官撰写。



★☆☆   hon
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun]    UK abbreviation for 
■honorary , when used as part of a title 
  （用于头衔）名誉的，荣誉的
the hon treasurer   荣誉总务



★☆☆   honcho
—————————————————
UK noun countable mainly US informal 
■the person in charge    负责人，主事者
Who's the head honcho round here?   这儿谁是负责人？



★☆☆   Honduran
—————————————————
UK noun countable adjective 
■Honduran    宏都拉斯人／宏都拉斯的



★☆☆   Honduras
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Honduras    宏都拉斯



★☆☆   hone
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
MAKE SHARP  变锋利  
■to sharpen an object    使…变锋利；把…磨尖
The bone had been honed to a point.   那块骨头已经被磨尖了。UK verb transitive 
MAKE PERFECT  变完美  
■to make something perfect or completely suitable for its purpose    磨练，磨砺；训练
His physique was honed to perfection.   他的身材锻炼得很完美。
Her debating skills were honed in the students' union.   她的辩论技巧是在学生会里磨练出来的。



★☆☆   honest
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  
■telling the truth or able to be trusted and not likely to steal, cheat or lie    诚实的；可信的
She's completely honest.   她很诚实。
I'd like you to give me an honest answer/your honest opinion.   我希望你给我一个诚实的回答／坦诚的意见。
He had an honest face (= He looked like he could be trusted).   他看起来忠厚可信。
To be honest (with you), I don't think it will be possible.   （跟你）说老实话，我认为那根本不可能。    Opposite dishonestUK adjective 
honest (to God/goodness) informal 
■used to emphasize that what you are saying is true 
  （用于强调）上帝作证，说真的
I tried to be nice to him, honest to God I did!   说真的，我试过对他好些。UK adjective 
make an honest living humorous 
■earn money by working hard at a job    努力工作谋生UK adjective 
make an honest woman (out) of sb informal humorous 
■to marry a woman you are having a sexual relationship with    娶（已经与自己发生性关系的女人）为妻



★☆☆   honest broker 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■someone who speaks to both sides involved in an argument or disagreement and tries to help them to agree    调解人，斡旋者



★☆☆   honestly
—————————————————
UK adverb 
 IMPROVER  
■in a way that is truthful    诚实地，正直地
They have always dealt honestly and fairly with their customers.   他们一直诚实公道地对待顾客。
I can't honestly say what time I'll be home.   我不确定甚么时候能回家。
I'll do it tomorrow, honestly (= I promise that I will do it).   我明天会做，我发誓。UK adverb exclamation 
■used to emphasize disapproval 
  （用于强调不赞成）
Honestly, you'd think she'd have asked you first!   真够呛，你还真的肯定她会先问问你！



★☆☆   honest-to-goodness
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■real or true    真的，真实的
The book is an honest-to-goodness account of her early life.   这本书是对她早期生活的真实纪录。



★☆☆   honesty
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■the quality of being honest    诚实
I appreciate your honesty.   我很欣赏你的诚实。
I must tell you in all honesty (= truthfully and hiding nothing) that there is little chance of the scheme being approved.   我必须老实告诉你，这个计划几乎不可能得到批准。UK noun uncountable 
Honesty is the best policy. saying 
■said to advise someone that it is better to tell the truth than to lie    诚实是上策。



★☆☆   honey
—————————————————
noun 
SWEET SUBSTANCE  甜味物质  
 ADVANCED  uncountable 
■a sweet sticky yellow substance made by bees and used as food    蜂蜜
UK set honey/runny honey   凝固的／稀软的蜂蜜
clover honey   苜蓿蜜noun 
PERSON  人  
countable mainly US 
■a name that you call someone you love or like very much    亲爱的
Hi, honey, I'm home!   嗨，亲爱的，我回来了！



★☆☆   honeybee
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a type of bee which lives with others in a hive and makes honey    蜜蜂



★☆☆   honeycomb
—————————————————
UK noun 
 countable or uncountable 
■a wax structure containing many small holes which is made by bees to store their honey    蜂巢，蜂窝
countable 
■something with a similar structure    蜂巢状物
The hotel complex was a honeycomb of rooms and courtyards (= there were many small rooms and passages).   这家饭店像一个由房间和庭院组成的蜂巢。



★☆☆   honeydew
—————————————————
UK noun 
STICKY SUBSTANCE  黏液  
uncountable 
■a sticky substance left on leaves by some types of insect 
  （某些昆虫分泌的）蜜露UK noun 
FRUIT  水果  
countable or uncountable (also honeydew melon) 
■a type of melon (= large fruit with a thick skin) that has white, green or yellow skin and sweet flesh with a lot of juice    白兰瓜；蜜瓜



★☆☆   honeyeater
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an Australian bird whose beak and tongue are specially shaped for taking honey from flowers    吸蜜鸟（澳大利亚的一种鸟类，喙与舌均呈特殊的形状，用以从花中采蜜）



★☆☆   honeyed
—————————————————
adjective 
honeyed tones/words/voice 
■describes speech or a person's voice when it is gentle and pleasant to listen to, sometimes in a way that is not sincere    甜言蜜语／顺耳的话／好听的声音



★☆☆   honeymoon
—————————————————
noun 
countable or uncountable 
■a holiday taken by a man and a woman immediately after their marriage    蜜月
Where are you going on your honeymoon?   你们要去哪里度蜜月？
countable usually singular (also honeymoon period) 
■a short period at the beginning of a new job, government, etc. when the relationship is good 
  （开始时的）蜜月期，和谐期verb intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to go on a honeymoon (= holiday)    度蜜月
They are honeymooning in the Bahamas.   他们正在巴哈马群岛度蜜月。



★☆☆   honeysuckle
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a climbing plant with flowers that smell sweet    忍冬（一种攀缘植物）



★☆☆   honey trap 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular UK 
■something that is very attractive    巨大的吸引力
The Tower of London is a honey trap for tourists.   伦敦塔对于游客来说有巨大的吸引力。
■the use of an attractive person to try to get information from someone    美人计（利用有魅力的人获取资讯）
Police set up a honey trap to get him to confess to the crime.   警方为了使他认罪，施了美人计。



★☆☆   Hong Kong 
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
■Geographical Name:Hong Kong    香港的noun uncountable UK US [ˈhɑːŋˌkɑːŋ/
■Geographical Name:Hong Kong    香港



★☆☆   honk
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive or transitive 
SOUND  声音  
■If a goose or a car horn honks, it makes a short, loud sound. 
  （鹅或汽车喇叭）鸣叫UK verb intransitive or transitive 
VOMIT  呕吐     UK slang 
■to vomit    呕吐
He honked (up) all over the floor.   他吐得满地都是。UK noun countable 
■a short, loud sound made by a car horn or a goose 
  （短促大声的）汽车喇叭声或鹅叫声
He gave us a honk on his horn as he drove off.   他驾车离开时向我们鸣了一下喇叭。



★☆☆   honky
—————————————————
UK noun countable US slang disapproving 
■a word used by some black people to refer to a white person 
  （黑人用语）白鬼



★☆☆   honky-tonk
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■connected with an informal type of jazz piano playing 
  （用钢琴演奏的）酒吧爵士乐的
a honky-tonk piano   演奏酒吧爵士乐的钢琴
honky-tonk music   酒吧爵士乐UK noun countable US 
■a noisy, cheap bar with loud jazz or country (= traditional) music 
  （演奏爵士或乡村音乐的嘈杂的）低级酒吧



★☆☆   honor
—————————————————
UK noun    US for 
■honour 



★☆☆   honorable
—————————————————
UK adjective    US for 
■honourable 



★☆☆   honorably
—————————————————
UK adverb    US for 
■honourably 



★☆☆   honorarium
—————————————————
UK noun countable (plural honorariums or honoraria)    formal 
■a usually small sum of money paid to someone for a service for which no official charge is made    酬金；谢礼
We usually offer our visiting lecturers an honorarium of £50.   我们通常都会付给客座讲师50英镑酬金。



★☆☆   honorary
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■(especially of a degree) given as an honour to someone who has not finished a course of study 
  （尤指学位）荣誉的，名誉的
She received an honorary doctorate from Oxford University in recognition of her work for the homeless.   她获授牛津大学荣誉博士头衔，以表彰她为无家可归者所做的工作。
■An honorary position in an organization is one for which no payment is made    名誉职位
Charities often have a well-known person as their honorary treasurer.   慈善机构常常请一位名人担任他们的荣誉总务。



★☆☆   honorific
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] formal 
■showing or giving honour or respect    表示尊敬的
an honorific title   尊称



★☆☆   honors degree 
—————————————————
noun countable (formal degree with honors) 
■in the US, a degree from a school, college or university which shows that a student has done work of a very high standard 
  （美国的）优等学位    Compare honours degree



★☆☆   honour
—————————————————
UK (ALSO US honor) UK noun 
RESPECT  尊敬  
 IMPROVER  uncountable 
■a quality that combines respect, being proud, and honesty    名誉，荣誉；高尚品德
a man of honour   品德高尚的人
We fought for the honour of our country.   我们为我们国家的荣誉而战。
in honour of sb/sth 
 IMPROVER  
■in order to celebrate or show great respect for someone or something    为了庆祝…；为表示对…的尊敬
a banquet in honour of the president   为总统举行的宴会
be/feel honour bound to do sth 
■to feel you must do something because it is morally right, even if you do not want to do it    觉得在道义上应该做
I felt honour bound to tell him the truth.   我觉得应该告诉他事实真相。
do sb the honour of doing sth formal 
■to make someone proud and happy by doing or being something    做…使（某人）感到特别荣幸；做…给（某人）带来荣誉；赏脸做…
Would you do me the honour of accompanying me to the New Year Ball?   你愿不愿意赏脸陪我去参加新年舞会？
Your Honour formal 
■the way to address a judge    法官阁下UK (ALSO US honor) UK noun 
REWARD  奖赏  
 ADVANCED  countable 
■a reward, prize or title that publicly expresses admiration or respect    奖励；荣誉；荣誉头衔
She received an honour for her services to the community.   她因为社区提供服务而获得表彰。
He was buried with full military honours (= with a special celebration to show respect).   他被安葬时举行了隆重的军葬礼。
with honours 
■If you complete a school or university qualification with honours, you achieve a high standard.    以优等成绩毕业UK (ALSO US honor) UK noun 
be on your honour old-fashioned 
■If you are on your honour to do something, you have made a promise to act as you have said you will.    以名誉担保UK (ALSO US honor) UK noun 
do the honours humorous 
■to pour drinks or serve food    招待客人（指斟酒、上菜等）
John, will you do the honours?   约翰，你能招待一下客人吗？UK (ALSO US honor) UK verb transitive 
RESPECT  尊敬  
 ADVANCED  
■to show great respect for someone or something, especially in public 
  （尤指在公开场合）向…致敬
He was honoured for his bravery.   他因表现英勇而受到表彰。
formal We are honoured (= proud and happy) to have you here tonight.   今晚您能光临我们深感荣幸。
I would be honoured to meet him.   要是能见到他，我会感到无比荣幸。
 ADVANCED  
■To honour a promise or agreement is to do what you said you would    信守，执行，兑现（承诺或协议）
They decided not to honour an existing order for aircraft.   他们决定不兑现已有的飞机订单。UK (ALSO US honor) UK verb transitive 
REWARD  奖赏  
■to give someone public praise or a reward    公开表彰；公开奖励
He was honoured with a knighthood.   他被册封为爵士。



★☆☆   Honourable
—————————————————
UK (ALSO US Honorable) UK US (written abbreviation Hon) 
adjective 
the Honourable 
■a title used before the name of some government officials, and in the UK before the names of certain people of high social rank 
  （用于某些政府官员或英国贵族的名字之前）尊敬的
the Honourable Andrew Robinson   尊敬的安德鲁‧罗宾逊阁下
the Honorable Daniel P. Moynihan of New York   来自纽约的尊敬的丹尼尔‧P.莫伊尼汉阁下



★☆☆   honourable
—————————————————
UK (ALSO US honorable) UK adjective 
■honest and fair, or deserving praise and respect    品德高尚的；值得尊敬的
an honourable person   品德高尚的人



★☆☆   honourable mention 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a prize given in a competition for work of high quality which did not receive first, second or third prize 
  （颁发给未获名次但表现优异的参赛者的）荣誉奖



★☆☆   honours degree 
—————————————————
noun countable (formal degree with honours) 
■in the UK, a first university degree, based especially on one subject 
  （英国大学就某一科目授予的）荣誉学位    Compare honors degree



★☆☆   honours list 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■in the UK, the list of people who receive a title and public praise as a reward for things they have done 
  （英国的）受勋者名单



★☆☆   hooch
—————————————————
(also hootch) [hu:t&#x283;]
noun uncountable US slang 
■strong alcohol, especially whisky    烈酒；（尤指）烈性威士卡



★☆☆   hood
—————————————————
noun countable 
CLOTHING  衣服  
 ADVANCED  
■part of a piece of clothing which can be pulled up to cover the top and back of the head 
  （衣服上的）兜帽，风帽
The coat has a detachable hood.   这件大衣有可拆卸的风帽。
 ADVANCED  
■a bag which is put over someone's head so that they cannot see or be recognized 
  （为了挡住视线或不让人认出而戴的）头套，头罩
The prisoners had been tortured and made to wear hoods.   囚犯们受拷打，并被强行戴上了头罩。noun countable 
COVER  覆盖物  
■a part which covers or shelters a piece of equipment    篷，罩
The hood over the air vent is loose.   排气口的罩子松了。noun countable 
CAR  汽车     US for 
■bonnet (METAL COVER) noun countable 
PLACE  地方     (also 'hood) US slang 
■a poor neighbourhood    贫民区，贫困社区
When he started he was just a poor boy from the hood - now he's a multimillionaire.   他刚起步时只是一个来自贫民区穷小子——如今他已是个千万富翁了。



★☆☆   hooded
—————————————————
adjective 
CLOTHES  衣服  
■having a hood    配有风帽的；戴着头套的
a hooded jacket   有风帽的夹克
armed and hooded intruders   戴着头套的武装闯入者adjective 
EYES  眼睛  
■describes eyes which are partly covered by the eyelids because the eyelids are big    眼皮半垂的
He watched her from under hooded eyelids.   他半张着眼瞧着她。



★☆☆   hoodie
—————————————————
(also hoody) ['h&#x28A;d.i]
noun countable 
■a sweatshirt (= cotton clothing for the upper body) that has a hood to cover the head    带帽的运动衫
■a person who wears a hoodie    身穿带帽运动衫的人



★☆☆   hoodlum
—————————————————
noun countable (also hood) old-fashioned 
■a violent person, especially one who is member of a group of criminals    恶棍；（尤指加入犯罪团伙的）歹徒



★☆☆   hoodwink
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to deceive or trick someone    欺骗，蒙骗
He hoodwinked us into agreeing.   他骗取我们的同意。



★☆☆   hoof
—————————————————
noun countable (plural hooves or hoofs)
■the hard part on the bottom of the feet of animals such as horses, sheep and deer 
  （马、羊、鹿等动物的）蹄    Compare pawnoun countable (plural hooves or hoofs)
on the hoof UK informal 
■If you do something on the hoof, you do it while you are moving about or doing something else, often without giving it the attention it deserves    顺便；草草地
I've got a meeting downtown in 20 minutes so I'll have lunch on the hoof.   20分钟后我在市中心还有个会议，所以只好在路上顺便吃午饭了。verb transitive informal 
■to kick a ball    踢（球）
The defender hoofed the ball up the field.   防守队员把球踢向前场。verb transitive informal 
hoof it informal 
■to walk somewhere, or to walk somewhere quickly    步行；快速行走
We missed the bus and had to hoof it.   我们错过了公共汽车，所以只好步行。



★☆☆   hoof and mouth (disease) 
—————————————————
noun uncountable    US for 
■foot and mouth (disease) 



★☆☆   hoo-ha
—————————————————
noun [S or U] informal 
■when there is too much interest in or discussion of something not important    大惊小怪，不必要的激动
One of the tabloids published the pictures and they caused a great hoo-ha.   一家小报刊登了那些照片，引起不小骚动。



★☆☆   hook
—————————————————
noun countable 
DEVICE  装置  
 ADVANCED  
■a curved device used for catching or holding things, especially one fixed to a surface for hanging things on    钩子，挂钩
a coat/picture hook   挂衣钩／挂画的钩子
a boat hook   船竿
a fish hook   鱼钩noun countable 
HIT  击打  
■a way of hitting in boxing , cricket or golf 
  （拳击的）勾拳；（板球或高尔夫球中右手持板或棒者击出的）左曲球
a right/left hook   右／左勾拳
a hook shot   单手勾射投篮noun countable 
by hook or by crook 
■by any method possible    不择手段，千方百计
I decided I was going to get that job by hook or by crook.   我下定决心无论如何都要得到那份工作。noun countable 
fall for sth hook , line and sinker 
■to completely believe something that someone tells you which is not true    完全相信（某人的谎言）
She told him she needed the money for her baby and he fell for it hook, line and sinker.   她告诉他，她需要这笔钱给她的孩子用，他便完全相信了。noun countable 
get your hooks into sb/sth 
■to get control or influence over someone or something    获得对…的掌控；对…产生影响
This product has really got its hooks into the American market.   这种产品已经主导了美国市场。noun countable 
off the hook 
■If you leave the telephone off the hook, you do not put the part of it that you talk with back correctly and it will not ring. 
  （电话听筒）未挂上
■If you are off the hook, you have escaped from a difficult situation    脱离困境，脱身
John's agreed to go to the meeting in my place so that gets/lets me off the hook.   约翰答应帮我去开会，这样我就能脱身了。verb 
DEVICE  装置  
transitive 
■to fasten something with a hook, hang something on a hook, or catch something with a hook 
  （用钩子）固定，挂，钩住
He hooked the trailer (= joined it with a hook) to his car.   他把拖车挂在自己的汽车上。
How many salmon did you hook (= catch) this afternoon?   今天下午你钓到了多少鲑鱼？
She hooked the shoe (= lifted it with a hook) out of the water.   她用钩子将鞋钩出了水面。verb 
SEX  性  
intransitive US informal 
■to have sex for money    卖淫verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   hook (sb/sth) up to sth 
■to connect a machine to a power supply or to another machine, or to connect a person to a piece of medical equipment    给（机器）接（电源）；连接（两台机器）；将（医疗器械）接到（某人）身上
Can we hook up to the electricity supply at the campsite?   我们的露营地能接电吗？
Helen was unconscious and hooked up to a life support machine.   海伦不省人事，于是就给她接上一台生命维持系统。




★☆☆   hookah
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a type of pipe which brings smoke through a container of water before it is breathed in    水烟筒



★☆☆   hook and eye 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a device for fastening clothes consisting of a small bent piece of metal into which a hook fits 
  （衣服上的）钩和环，钩眼扣



★☆☆   hooked
—————————————————
adjective 
CANNOT STOP  无法停止  
[after verb] informal 
■unable to stop taking a drug 
  （吸毒）上瘾的
to be hooked on cocaine   吸食古柯碱上瘾
[after verb] informal 
■enjoying something so much that you are unable to stop having, watching, doing, etc. it    入迷的，上瘾的
I was hooked after two episodes.   看过两集之后我就入了迷。adjective 
NOSE  鼻子  
■describes a nose which is large and curved    鹰钩鼻的



★☆☆   hooker
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
SEX  性     informal 
■a prostitute (= woman who has sex for money)    妓女UK noun countable 
SPORT  体育运动  
■a rugby player who pulls the ball out of the scrum with his foot 
  （英式橄榄球赛中并列争球时的）钩球队员



★☆☆   hook-nosed
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■Someone who is hook-nosed has a large nose which curves out from the face.    长鹰钩鼻子的



★☆☆   hook-up
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a connection between two or more things, places or people using electronic equipment 
  （使用电子设备实现的）连通，连接，联播
We hope to bring you a live report from Ouagadougou via our satellite hook-up.   我们希望透过卫星联播为您带来来自瓦加杜古的实况报道。



★☆☆   hooky
—————————————————
noun mainly US informal 
play hooky 
■to stay away from school without permission    逃学



★☆☆   hooligan
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person who acts in a violent way without thinking and causes damage    流氓，恶棍
Hooligans had sprayed paint all over the car.   流氓们将整个汽车车身都喷上了油漆。



★☆☆   hoop
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a ring of wood, metal or plastic, or sometimes a half ring    环；圈；半圈
The dogs had been trained to jump through hoops.   这些狗受过跳圈圈训练。
■(also hoop earring) 
■a ring-shaped earring (= a piece of jewellery which hangs from the ear)    圆形耳环
She was wearing large gold hoops in her ears.   她耳朵上戴着一副大大的金耳环。noun countable 
go/jump through hoops 
■to do a lot of difficult things before you are allowed to have or do something you want    经历磨难



★☆☆   hoopla
—————————————————
noun 
GAME  游戏  
uncountable UK (US ring toss) 
■a game in which a ring is thrown so that it falls over an object    投环套物游戏
a game of hoopla   套环游戏noun 
EXCITEMENT  兴奋  
[S or U] mainly US 
■exciting noise and activity in celebration of an event    喧嚷，嬉闹
The usual hoopla surrounded the arrival of the pop star.   流行歌星的到来伴随着惯常的喧闹声。



★☆☆   hooray
—————————————————
exclamation noun 
■hurray 



★☆☆   Hooray Henry
—————————————————
noun countable UK disapproving 
■a young man from a high social class who speaks loudly and behaves in a noticeable way in public    公众场合大声吵闹，行为招摇的上层青年男子
The pub was full of Hooray Henrys.   酒吧里都是喧闹招摇的纨绔子弟。



★☆☆   hooroo
—————————————————
exclamation    Australian informal for 
■goodbye 



★☆☆   hoot
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a short loud high sound    短促响亮的声音
She gave three short hoots on the car horn.   她短促地按了三声汽车喇叭。
He gave a hoot of laughter/derision.   他一阵大笑／大声嘲笑。
■the sound an owl makes    猫头鹰的叫声noun countable 
be a hoot informal 
■to be very funny    非常有趣
He's an absolute hoot.   他是个极其有趣的人。noun countable 
not care/give two hoots (also not care/give a hoot) informal 
■to not care about something or someone    毫不在乎
I don't give two hoots what she thinks.   我不在乎她怎么想。verb 
intransitive or transitive 
■to make a short loud high sound    发出短促响亮的声音
She hooted her horn at the dog in the road.   她向路中间的那只狗大声按喇叭。
He hooted with laughter.   他哈哈大笑。
intransitive 
■to make the sound that an owl makes    发出猫头鹰般的叫声



★☆☆   hooter
—————————————————
UK noun 
NOSE  鼻子  
countable UK old-fashioned informal 
■a nose    鼻子UK noun 
DEVICE  装置  
countable old-fashioned 
■an electrical device which makes a loud noise, often to mark the start or end of work at a factory 
  （工厂的）汽笛UK noun 
BREASTS  乳房  
hooters 
[plural] US slang 
■a woman's breasts. This sense is considered offensive.    乳房，奶子（含冒犯义）



★☆☆   Hoover
—————————————————
UK noun countable UK trademark 
■a vacuum (cleaner) 



★☆☆   hooves
—————————————————
■plural of    * hoof 



★☆☆   hop
—————————————————
UK verb (-pp-)
 ADVANCED  intransitive 
■to jump on one foot or to move about in this way    单脚跳
I tried to hop on my good foot while holding onto Jim.   我抓住吉姆，并用我那只好脚努力向前跳。
intransitive + adverb or preposition informal 
■to go somewhere quickly or to get into or out of a vehicle quickly    快速去（某地）；快速跳上（或跳下）（车辆）
We hopped over to Bruges for the weekend.   我们飞速赶到布鲁日去度周末。
I hopped on the bus at the traffic lights.   我在红绿灯处匆匆跳上公共汽车。
intransitive 
■If a small animal, bird or insect hops, it moves by jumping on all or two of its feet at the same time 
  （鸟、兽或昆虫）蹦跳
The rabbit/bird hopped across the grass.   兔子／鸟蹦跳着穿过草地。UK verb (-pp-)
hop it UK old-fashioned informal 
■used to tell someone to go away    走开UK verb (-pp-)
hopping mad old-fashioned 
■very angry    暴怒UK noun 
JUMP  跳跃  
countable 
■a short jump by a person on one foot, or by a small animal, bird or insect on all or two of its feet at the same time    单足短距离跳跃；（小动物、鸟或昆虫的）齐足（或双足）短距离跳跃
With his feet tied together he could only move in little hops.   他双脚被捆在一起，只能小步跳。
be a short hop informal 
■to be a short journey or distance, especially in an aircraft    短程旅行（尤指搭飞机）
London to Edinburgh is just a short hop by plane.   搭飞机的话，从伦敦到爱丁堡只是很短的一程。UK noun 
PLANT  植物  
hops 
[plural] 
■the dried fruits of a climbing plant which are used to give a bitter flavour to beer    啤酒花UK noun 
catch sb on the hop UK informal 
■to do something when someone is not ready for it and is not able to deal with it    使（某人）措手不及
I'm afraid you've caught me on the hop - I wasn't expecting you till next week.   恐怕你让我有点措手不及——我以为你下周才会来。UK adjective [before noun] 
■relating to hops    啤酒花的
a hop plant   啤酒花植株



★☆☆   hope
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive or transitive 
 ESSENTIAL  
■to want something to happen or to be true, and usually have a good reason to think that it might    希望，盼望
I'm hoping for an interview next week.   我盼望着下星期有一次面试。
[+ (that)] She's hoping (that) she won't be away too long.   她希望她不会离开太久。
I hope (that) she'll win.   我希望她能赢。
We have to hope and pray (that) the operation will go well.   我们只能祈祷手术顺利。
[+ to infinitive] They hope to visit us next year.   他们希望明年能来我们这里作客。
It's good news, I hope.   我希望是好消息。
"Will you be at the meeting tomorrow?" "I hope not/so ".   ｢你明天会参加那个会议吗？｣ ｢恐怕不行／我想是的。｣    Compare wishUK verb intransitive or transitive 
hope against hope 
■to hope very strongly that something will happen, although you know it is not likely    抱着万一的希望，存一线希望
They're just hoping against hope that she's still alive.   他们对她还活着仍抱一线希望。UK verb intransitive or transitive 
hope for the best 
■to hope that something will be successful or happen in the way you want, even if it seems unlikely    抱乐观的态度，尽量往好处想
I've repaired it as well as I can - we'll just have to hope for the best.   我已经尽力修理——我们只能尽量往好处想了。UK verb intransitive or transitive 
  Common Learner Errors   hope   Remember: when hope is followed by another verb, the verb must be in the infinitive with 'to'.   Don't say 'hope to doing something', say hope to do something :
✗ I hope to hearing from you soon.   I hope to hear from you soon.UK noun countable or uncountable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■something good that you want to happen in the future, or a confident feeling about what will happen in the future    希望，祈望
What are your hopes and dreams for the future?   你对未来有甚么希望和梦想？
Is there any hope of getting financial support for the project?   这个案子有没有希望得到资金上的援助?
[+ that] Is there any hope that they will be home in time?   他们有没有希望及时回到家?
Young people are growing up in our cities without any hope of finding a job.   城市里的年轻人一天天长大，却根本没有希望找到工作。
His reply dashed (= destroyed) our hopes.   他的回答使我们的希望破灭。
They have pinned (all) their hopes on (= They are depending for success on) their new player.   他们把（所有）希望都寄托在新队员身上。
She's very ill, but there's still hope/we live in hope (= we think she might be cured).   她病得非常严重，但是仍有希望／我们觉得仍有希望。
The situation is now beyond/past hope (= unlikely to produce the desired result).   现在的情况已经毫无希望了。
We never gave up hope (= stopped hoping) that she would be found alive.   我们从未放弃她能够生还的希望。
The letter offered us a glimmer/ray of (= a little) hope.   这封信给了我们一线希望。
I didn't phone till four o'clock in the hope that you'd be finished.   我一直到四点才打电话是希望这时你就已经完成了。
I don't hold out much hope of getting (= I don't expect to be able to get) a ticket.   我对弄到票不抱多大希望。UK noun countable or uncountable 
not have a hope in hell informal 
■to have no possibility of doing or achieving something    毫无希望
We were so outclassed - we didn't have a hope in hell of winning.   我们差得太多了——根本就没希望获胜。



★☆☆   hope chest 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular    US for 
■bottom drawer 



★☆☆   hopeful
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 IMPROVER  
■having hope    抱有希望的，充满希望的
He was hopeful about the outcome of the meeting.   他对会议的结果充满希望。
They were hopeful of a successful agreement.   他们对成功达成协议充满希望。
I'm hopeful (that) we can reach a compromise.   我对我们能达成和解充满希望。
■giving hope    给人以希望的
The green shoots were hopeful signs of spring.   绿色的嫩芽是春天充满希望的象征。UK noun countable usually plural 
■a person who is trying to get a part in a film, play for a famous football team, etc.    希望成名的人（设法参与电影拍摄，戏剧演出，著名足球俱乐部等等）
Over a thousand young hopefuls went to the Theatre Royal today to audition for a part in the new musical.   一千多名希望成名的年轻人今天去皇家剧院，参加那出新音乐剧其中一个角色的试镜。



★☆☆   hopefully
—————————————————
UK adverb 
 IMPROVER  
■used, often at the start of a sentence, to express what you would like to happen 
  （常用于句首）但愿，真希望
Hopefully it won't rain.   但愿老天不会下雨。
Hopefully we'll be in Norwich by early evening.   但愿我们在傍晚时分能到达诺里奇。
 IMPROVER  
■in a hopeful way    满怀希望地
"Do you have a cigarette?" he asked hopefully.   ｢你有香烟吗？｣他满怀希望地问道。



★☆☆   hopeless
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■without hope    没希望的
a hopeless situation   毫无希望的局势
They searched for survivors but it was hopeless.   他们搜寻生还者，但没有任何希望。
She was depressed and felt totally hopeless about the future.   她情绪低落，觉得未来毫无希望。
 ADVANCED  
■completely without skill at a particular activity    不可救药的
I'm hopeless at sports.   我在体育方面糟透了。
He's a hopeless cook.   他做菜一塌糊涂。



★☆☆   hopelessly
—————————————————
UK adverb 
■extremely, or in a way that makes you lose hope    彻底地；毫无希望地
They met at university and fell hopelessly in love.   他们在上大学时相遇，并无可救药地坠入爱河。
We were hopelessly lost.   我们彻底迷路了。



★☆☆   hopper
—————————————————
UK noun countable specialized 
■a large tube, wide at one end, through which large amounts of small separate things, for example seeds, can be moved from one container to another    漏斗



★☆☆   hoppy
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■like hops (= dried fruit used to make beer)    像啤酒花的
a hoppy aroma/flavour   啤酒花股的芳香；啤酒花股的味道



★☆☆   hopscotch
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a game played by children, who throw a stone onto a set of joined squares drawn on the ground and jump on one leg and then on two legs into each square in turn to get the stone 
  （儿童玩的）跳房子游戏



★☆☆   horde
—————————————————
UK noun often disapproving 
countable 
■a large group of people 
  （人）群
Hordes of students on bikes made crossing the road difficult.   一群群学生骑着脚踏车鱼贯而行，弄得别人过马路都很困难。
in their hordes informal 
■in very great numbers    一大批
When they heard the concert was free, they came in their hordes.   当听到音乐会是免费的时候，人们大批地涌来。



★☆☆   horizon
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■the line at the farthest place which you can see, where the sky seems to touch the land or sea    地平线
The moon rose slowly above the horizon.   月亮慢慢从地平线升起。
We could see a row of camels silhouetted on the horizon.   我们能看到地平线上一队骆驼的轮廓。noun only singular 
broaden/expand/widen sb's horizons 
■to increase the range of things that someone knows about or has experienced    开阔（某人）的眼界
Travelling certainly broadens your horizons.   旅行肯定会开阔你的眼界。noun only singular 
on the horizon 
■likely to happen or exist soon    即将发生
There is no new drug on the horizon that will make this disease easier to treat.   目前还没有甚么新药能使治疗这种疾病变得更容易。



★☆☆   horizontal
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■flat or level; parallel to the ground or to the bottom or top edge of something    水准的；与地面（或底边、顶边）平行的；横的
Draw a horizontal line across the bottom of the page.   在本页底部画一条水准线。
Keep the patient horizontal with the feet slightly raised.   让病人平躺，双脚略微抬高。    Compare verticalUK noun countable usually singular 
■a horizontal line, surface or position    水准线；水平面；水准位置
Rotate it slowly from the horizontal into a vertical position.   慢慢将它从水准位置旋转到垂直位置。



★☆☆   horizontal axis 
—————————————————
noun only singular specialized 
■the line of figures or coordinates that are arranged from left to right along the bottom of a graph or map; the x-axis    水准轴，横轴（在图表或地图的底端的一行从左至右排列的数字或座标点）；X轴



★☆☆   hormone
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■any of various chemicals made by living cells which influence the development, growth, sex, etc. of an animal and are carried around the body in the blood    荷尔蒙，激素
male and female hormones   雄性和雌性激素
growth hormones   生长激素



★☆☆   hormone replacement therapy
—————————————————
(abbreviation HRT) 
noun uncountable 
■a treatment for women whose level of female hormones is low because they have reached the menopause    荷尔蒙替代疗法（治疗体内雌性激素分泌不足的更年期女性）



★☆☆   horn
—————————————————
UK noun 
ANIMAL  动物  
 ADVANCED  countable or uncountable 
■a hard, pointed, often curved part that grows from the top of the head of some animals, or the hard substance of which a horn is made    角；角质UK noun 
VEHICLE  车辆  
countable 
■a device on a vehicle that is used to make a loud noise as a warning or signal to other people 
  （车辆的）喇叭
The driver blew/sounded / informalhonked her horn.   那位司机按了喇叭。
⇨ See also foghornUK noun 
MUSIC  音乐  
countable 
■a curved musical instrument made of metal, which is narrow at the end you blow down to make a sound, and wider towards the other end    号UK noun 
be on the horns of a dilemma 
■to be unable to decide which of two things to do because either could have bad results    左右为难；进退维谷UK noun 
draw/pull in your horns 
■to act in a more careful way than you did before, especially by spending less money    行为收敛；（尤指）减少开支
He'll have to draw in his horns now he's lost his job.   由于失业，他将不得不减少开支。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   horn in US informal 
■to try to become involved in a discussion or activity when you are not wanted    强行插话；强行参与
She's always horning in on our conversations.   她总是在我们说话的时候插嘴。




★☆☆   horned
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes an animal with horns    长角的
horned cattle   长角的牛



★☆☆   hornet
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a large wasp (= type of flying insect) which can give you a bad sting    大黄蜂



★☆☆   hornet's nest
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular 
■a very difficult or unpleasant situation, especially in which a lot of people get very angry and complain 
  （尤指引起公愤的）麻烦，困境
His remarks about the lack of good women tennis players stirred up a (real) hornet's nest.   他那番关于缺少优秀女子网球选手的言论，可真是惹了大麻烦。



★☆☆   horniness
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable informal 
■sexual excitement or sexual attraction    性冲动；性吸引



★☆☆   horn-rimmed
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■describes glasses with frames that are coloured with a mixture of dark and light brown 
  （眼镜）仿角质镜架的



★☆☆   horny
—————————————————
UK adjective 
SEXUAL  性欲的     informal 
■sexually excited    欲火中烧的，性兴奋的
She'd had a couple of drinks and was feeling horny.   她几杯酒下肚后，感觉欲火中烧。
■UK informal 
■sexually attractive    性感的
You look horny in that skirt.   你穿那条裙子很性感。UK adjective 
HARD  粗硬的  
■made of a hard substance, like horn    由角质材料制成的
Birds have horny beaks.   鸟类长有角质喙。
■(especially of skin) hard and rough 
  （尤指皮肤）粗硬的



★☆☆   horoscope
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a description of what is going to happen to you, based on the position of the stars and planets at the time of your birth    星相；占星术
I read my horoscope most days.   我大多数日子都会看一下自己的星座运势。
My horoscope said I was going to be lucky in love this month.   我的星相说这个月我会走桃花运。



★☆☆   horrendous
—————————————————
adjective 
■extremely unpleasant or bad    极糟的；可怕的
a horrendous accident/tragedy/crime   可怕的事故／悲剧／罪行
horrendous suffering/damage   极大的痛苦／破坏
Conditions in the refugee camps were horrendous.   难民营里的条件糟透了。
The firm made horrendous (= very big) losses last year.   这家公司去年亏损极为严重。



★☆☆   horrible
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 IMPROVER  
■very unpleasant or bad    极糟的；令人不快的
He's got a horrible cold.   他得了重感冒。
What's that horrible smell?   是甚么气味这么难闻？
That was a horrible thing to say!   说那种话真是可恶！
 IMPROVER  
■very shocking and frightening    可怕的，令人震惊的
a horrible crime   骇人的罪行



★☆☆   horribly
—————————————————
UK adverb 
■extremely, especially in a very bad or unpleasant way    可怕地；极糟糕地
His face was horribly scarred.   他的脸上留下了可怕的疤痕。
Their plans went horribly wrong.   他们的计划进行得一塌糊涂。



★☆☆   horrid
—————————————————
UK adjective old-fashioned informal 
■unpleasant or unkind; nasty    令人不愉快的；不友好的
Don't be so horrid!   别那么惹人烦！
The medicine tasted horrid.   那种药很难吃。



★☆☆   horrific
—————————————————
adjective 
■very bad and shocking    极其可怕的；令人震惊的
a horrific accident/crime   极其可怕的意外事故／骇人的罪行
horrific injuries   极为严重的伤势



★☆☆   horrified
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■very shocked    非常震惊的
He looked horrified when I told him.   当我告诉他时，他看起来非常震惊。
We were horrified at/by the size of the bill.   帐单的金额让我们非常震惊。
I was horrified to hear of his death.   听到他的死讯，我非常震惊。
I was horrified that they hadn't included you.   我很吃惊他们没有把你算进去。



★☆☆   horrify
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to shock someone very much    使极为震惊
This news will horrify my parents.   这个消息会令我的父母很震惊。



★☆☆   horrifying
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■very shocking    令人震惊的
horrifying injuries/conditions/news   令人震惊的伤势／情况／消息



★☆☆   horror
—————————————————
UK noun 
 ADVANCED  uncountable 
■an extremely strong feeling of fear and shock, or the frightening and shocking character of something    恐惧；震惊；（…的）震惊性，恐怖性
The crowd cried out in horror as the car burst into flames.   当汽车突然起火时，人群发出一阵惊恐的叫声。
The thought of speaking in front of so many people fills me with horror.   一想到要在那么多人面前讲话，我心里就不由得一阵害怕。
I then realized to my absolute horror, that I had forgotten the present.   那时我惊恐地意识到，我把礼物给忘了。
What the book does convey very successfully is the horror of war.   那本书的确成功描绘出战争的恐怖。
horrors    [plural] 
■things that are very shocking or frightening    威胁；令人震惊的事
The population now faces the horrors of starvation.   人们现在正面临着饥饿的威胁。
Nuclear war is one of the horrors that face the modern world.   核子战争是当今世介面临的几大威胁之一。
countable UK informal 
■a child who behaves very badly    淘气鬼，捣蛋鬼
Her youngest boy is a little horror.   她最小的儿子是个小淘气。UK noun 
have a horror of sth 
■to hate something very much or be very frightened of something    憎恨；非常害怕
It may be childish but I have a horror of worms.   这可能有些孩子气，可是我真是非常害怕虫子。UK noun 
horror of horrors UK humorous 
■said when you are telling someone about a very bad or embarrassing situation    极其糟糕
Then I went to the toilets and, horror of horrors, discovered that my zip had been undone.   最糟糕的是，当我上厕所的时候发现裤子的拉链一直开着。



★☆☆   horror film
—————————————————
mainly UK (mainly US horror movie) 
noun countable 
■a film in which very frightening and especially unnatural things happen, for example dead people coming to life and people being murdered    恐怖片，恐怖电影



★☆☆   horror story 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a story in which very frightening and unnatural things happen    恐怖故事
■a report of real events in which things have gone very wrong    糟糕的经历
the usual travel horror stories about delays at the airport and flight cancellations   旅行中通常会碰到的机场延误或航班取消等糟糕的经历



★☆☆   horror-struck
—————————————————
UK adjective [after verb] (also horror-stricken) 
■extremely shocked and frightened    极为震惊的；极为惊恐的
They watched, horror-struck, as the car came off the road.   他们惊恐地看着那辆汽车冲出公路。



★☆☆   hors d'oeuvre
—————————————————
UK noun countable (plural hors d'oeuvre or hors d'oeuvres)   UK 
■a small savoury dish eaten at the start of a meal    餐前的开胃小吃
US 
■small pieces of food eaten at a party    （聚会上吃的）点心



★☆☆   horse
—————————————————
UK noun 
ANIMAL  动物  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a large animal with four legs which people ride on or use for carrying things or pulling vehicles    马
to ride a horse   骑马
a horse and cart   一辆马车
the horses    [plural] informal 
■horse races where you try to win money by correctly guessing which horse will win    赌马，赛马
He spends all his money on the horses.   他把所有的钱都花在赌马上了。UK noun 
WOODEN STRUCTURE  木质结构  
countable (also vaulting horse) 
■a wooden structure which you jump over for exercise    跳马；鞍马UK noun 
DRUG  毒品  
uncountable slang 
■heroin    海洛因UK noun 
(straight) from the horse's mouth 
■If you hear something (straight) from the horse's mouth, you hear it from the person who has direct personal knowledge of the matter.    来自直接参与者；据可靠消息UK noun 
horses for courses UK 
■something that you say which means that it is important to choose suitable people for particular activities because everyone has different skills    知人善任UK noun 
You can lead a horse to water , but you can't make him drink. saying 
■said to emphasize that you can make it easy for someone to do something, but you cannot force them to do it    牵马到河边容易，逼马饮水难。（意指不要强迫别人做他不愿意做的事）UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   horse around/about informal 
■to behave in a silly and noisy way    胡闹；哄闹；捣乱
He was horsing around in the kitchen and broke my favourite bowl.   他在厨房里捣乱，打碎了我最喜欢的碗。




★☆☆   horseback
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■on a horse    骑在马上的
horseback riding   骑马
a horseback rider   骑马者UK noun 
on horseback 
■riding a horse    骑着马的
police on horseback   骑警



★☆☆   horsebox
—————————————————
UK noun countable UK (Australian also horse float) 
■a vehicle for transporting horses, sometimes pulled by another vehicle    运马的拖车



★☆☆   horse chestnut 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■(the poisonous shiny brown nut from) a large tree with pink or white flowers    七叶树（的果实）
⇨ See also conker



★☆☆   horse-drawn
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■describes a vehicle pulled by a horse 
  （车辆）马拉的



★☆☆   horsefly
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■any of various large flying insects that bite horses, cattle and sometimes people    马蝇；虻



★☆☆   horsehair
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■hairs from a horse's tail and mane , used especially in the past as a soft filling for furniture    马毛（指马尾或马鬃，旧时尤用作家俱填料）



★☆☆   horseman
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who rides a horse, especially someone who rides well    骑手；（尤指）马术师



★☆☆   horsemanship
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■skill at riding horses    骑术，马术



★☆☆   horseplay
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable slightly old-fashioned 
■rough noisy behaviour, especially when people push each other as a joke    喧闹；（尤指）打闹嬉戏



★☆☆   horsepower
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable (plural horsepower)    (abbreviation hp) 
■a unit for measuring the power of an engine    马力（引擎的功率单位元）
a 100-horsepower engine   100马力的引擎



★☆☆   horse racing 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a sport in which people race on horses, usually to win money for the horses's owners    赛马运动



★☆☆   horseradish
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a plant with large green leaves and a long white root with a strong sharp taste    山葵
roast beef and horseradish sauce   烤牛肉配山葵酱



★☆☆   horse riding 
—————————————————
noun uncountable UK (US horseback riding) 
■the sport or activity of riding a horse    骑马



★☆☆   horse's ass
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular US offensive 
■a stupid and annoying person    蠢蛋，傻瓜
You may think you're being funny, but everyone else thinks you're being a real horse's ass.   你可能自以为很风趣，可是所有人都认为你是个傻瓜。



★☆☆   horse sense 
—————————————————
noun uncountable old-fashioned 
■practical knowledge and good judgment about ordinary life; common sense    常识



★☆☆   horseshit
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable US offensive 
■nonsense; bullshit    胡说；废话
He described the film as 'middle-class, bourgeois horseshit'.   他把这部电影描述为｢中产阶级的屁话｣。



★☆☆   horseshoe
—————————————————
UK noun 
FOR A HORSE  马用品  
countable 
■a U-shaped piece of metal which is fixed to the bottom of a horse's hoof to protect it    马蹄铁，马掌
For many people the horseshoe is a symbol of good luck.   对很多人来说马蹄铁是好运的象征。UK noun 
GAME  游戏  
horseshoes 
uncountable US 
■a game in which horseshoes are thrown at a wooden or metal rod in the ground    掷马蹄铁套柱游戏



★☆☆   horsetrading
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable often disapproving 
■unofficial discussion in which people make agreements that provide both sides with advantages 
  （私下里进行的对双方都有好处的）讨价还价
There's been a lot of political horsetrading while the parties try to form a government.   那些政党在组建政府期间私下里进行了多次讨价还价。



★☆☆   horse trailer 
—————————————————
noun countable US (UK horsebox) (Australian horse float) 
■a vehicle for transporting horses that is pulled behind another vehicle    运马的拖车



★☆☆   horsewhip
—————————————————
UK US  (-pp-)
verb transitive 
■to hit someone with a whip    鞭打，用马鞭抽打



★☆☆   horsewoman
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a female horseman    女骑士
She's a keen horsewoman.   她是一位热衷骑马的女士。



★☆☆   horsey
—————————————————
UK adjective (horsier, horsiest)    (also horsy)    informal 
■liking horses and being involved with them    爱马的
disapproving 
■looking like a horse, usually in a way that is not attractive    长得像马的



★☆☆   horticulture
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the study or activity of growing garden plants    园艺学；园艺



★☆☆   hosanna
—————————————————
UK exclamation 
■a shout of praise to God    和撒那（赞美上帝的用语）



★☆☆   hose
—————————————————
UK noun 
PIPE  管子  
countable (UK also hosepipe) 
■a long plastic or rubber pipe, used to direct water onto fires, gardens, etc 
  （灭火、浇灌花园等用的）软管，水龙带
The severe drought has led to a hosepipe ban in eastern England.   严重的干旱导致英格兰东部禁用水龙带。UK noun 
CLOTHES  衣服  
uncountable specialized 
■hosiery 
⇨ See also pantyhoseUK verb transitive 
■to direct water onto something using a hose    用软管把水引到……
He was covered in mud so we hosed him down.   他满身是泥，所以我们用软管接水给他冲洗干净。



★☆☆   hoser
—————————————————
UK noun countable US and Canadian slang 
■a stupid or rude person    蠢人；粗人



★☆☆   hosiery
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable (also hose) formal 
■a word used especially in shops for things such as socks, tights and stockings 
  （尤指商店中的）袜类（包括短袜、连裤袜和长袜等）
Women's hosiery you'll find on the second floor, Madam.   女袜部在二楼，女士。



★☆☆   hospice
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a hospital for people who are dying, especially from cancer 
  （尤指癌症末期患者的）临终医院，善终医院，安养院



★☆☆   hospitable
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■friendly and welcoming to guests and visitors    友好的，好客的
The villagers were very hospitable to/towards anyone who passed through.   村民们对所有过路人都非常热情友好。    Opposite inhospitable 
■providing good conditions for living or growing 
  （条件）适宜生活的，适合成长的
It's difficult to think of a less hospitable environment than the surface of the Moon.   很难想像还有甚么地方比月球表面的环境更为恶劣。



★☆☆   hospital
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a place where people who are ill or injured are treated and taken care of by doctors and nurses    医院
a general/children's/maternity hospital   综合／儿童／妇产医院
hospital patients/staff   医院的病人／工作人员
UK I've got to go (in)to hospital (USto the hospital) for three weeks to have an operation.   我不得不住院三周来接受手术。
UK She spent a week in hospital (USin the hospital) last year.   去年她住了一个星期医院。



★☆☆   hospitality
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■when people are friendly and welcoming to guests and visitors    热情好客；殷勤；友好
The local people showed me great hospitality.   当地人对我非常地热情友好。
■the food, drink, etc. that an organization provides in order to keep its guests happy 
  （待客用的）食物，饮料；招待，款待
The company's guests at Ascot are entertained in the corporate hospitality area.   在阿斯科赛马会上，该公司的客人在团体招待区内受到了款待。



★☆☆   hospitalize
—————————————————
(UK usually hospitalise) UK verb transitive often passive 
■to take someone to hospital and keep them there for treatment    送…住院治疗
His wife's been hospitalized for depression.   他的妻子因患忧郁症被送往医院住院治疗。



★☆☆   host
—————————————————
UK noun 
PERSON WITH GUESTS  主人，东道主  
 ADVANCED  countable (female also hostess) 
■someone who has guests    主人，东道主
We thanked our hosts for the lovely evening.   我们感谢主人家让我们渡过了一个愉快的夜晚。
The local language school is advertising for host families (= families with whom people stay when they are visiting another country).   当地的语言学校正在招募能接待外国访客的家庭。UK noun 
ON TELEVISION  电视节目  
countable (female also hostess) 
■a person who introduces guests and performers, especially on television or radio 
  （电视或广播节目的）主持人
Our host for tonight's show is Terry Wogan.   我们今晚节目的主持人是泰瑞‧沃根。UK noun 
FOR AN EVENT  事件  
countable 
■a place or organization that provides the space and other necessary things for a special event    主办方，东道主
Japan is playing host to the next international conference.   日本将主办下一次国际会议。
the host nation for the next World Cup   下届世界杯的主办国UK noun 
ANIMAL/PLANT  动物  
countable specialized 
■a plant or animal that another plant or animal lives on as a parasite    寄主，宿主UK noun 
A LOT  大量  
a host of 
■a large number of something    许多，大量
There's a whole host of reasons why he didn't get the job.   有一大堆理由可以解释他为甚么没有得到那份工作。UK noun 
CHURCH  教堂  
the host only singular specialized 
■the holy bread which is eaten at Communion (= a Christian religious ceremony)    圣体（基督教圣餐仪式中用的面饼）UK noun 
INTERNET  网路  
countable 
■a company which hosts a website on the Internet    在网路上维护网页的公司（主机）UK verb transitive 
EVENT  事件  
■to provide the space and other things necessary for a special event    主办（为一活动提供举办场所和其他必需品）
Which country is hosting the next Olympic Games?   哪个国家将主办下届奥运会？UK verb transitive 
TELEVISION SHOW  电视节目  
■to be the host of television or radio programme 
  （电视或广播节目的）主持人
to host a show/programme   主持节目UK verb transitive 
INTERNET  网路  
■to provide the computer hardware and software which allows a website to exist on the Internet    为（网站）提供软硬体支援
I've written my website, now I just need to find a company to host it.   我已经写好自己网站的内容，现在只需找一家公司为它提供软硬体的支援。



★☆☆   hostage
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who is taken as a prisoner by an enemy in order to force the other people involved to do what the enemy wants    人质
She was taken/held hostage by the gunmen.   她被持枪歹徒劫持作为人质。
The terrorists have seized 20 hostages and are threatening to kill one a day unless their demands are met.   恐怖分子劫持了20名人质，并威胁除非他们的要求得到满足，否则将每天杀掉一名人质。UK noun countable 
hostage to fortune 
■an action or statement that is risky because it could cause you trouble later    将来可能会引起麻烦的言行；冒险行为；冒险言论
The Prime Minister was extremely cautious, saying nothing inflammatory and giving no hostages to fortune.   首相极为谨慎，不说任何具有煽动性和可能在将来引起麻烦的话。



★☆☆   hostel
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a large house where people can stay free or cheaply 
  （免费或廉价的）旅社，客栈
a student hostel   学生旅社    Compare hotel    UK (US shelter) 
■a building where people with no home can live for a short time 
  （无家可归者的）收容所
a hostel for the homeless   无家可归者的收容所
a Salvation Army hostel   救世军收容所



