★☆☆   gerontologist
—————————————————
UK US specialized 
noun countable 
■a person who studies old age    老年学专家；老年病学专家，老年医学专家



★☆☆   gerontology
—————————————————
UK US specialized 
noun uncountable 
■the study of old age and of the problems and diseases of old people    年学；老年病学，老年医学



★☆☆   gerrymandering
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■when someone in authority changes the borders of an area in order to increase the number of people within that area who will vote for a particular party or person 
  （为使某政党或人在选举中获得优势而）不公正划分选区
The boundary changes were denounced as blatant gerrymandering.   变更分界线的做法被抨击为赤裸裸的不公正划分选区行为。



★☆☆   gerund
—————————————————
 specialized 
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a word that ends in '-ing' which is made from a verb, and which is used like a noun    动名词
In the sentence 'Everyone enjoyed Tyler's singing', the word 'singing' is a gerund.   在句子 Everyone enjoyed Tyler's singing 中，singing 这个词是动名词。



★☆☆   gestalt
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular specialized 
■something such as a structure or experience which, when considered as a whole, has qualities that are more than the total of all its parts    格式塔；完形（一种结构或者经历，其整体不等于各部分简单相加之和）
This new biography is the first to consider fully the writer's gestalt.   这部新传记第一次全面地探讨了这位作家的各个方面。UK adjective [before noun] 
■considering or treating what a person experiences and believes as a whole and separate thing    格式塔心理学的（将个人经历和信仰作为整体和局部来考虑和治疗）
In gestalt psychology and gestalt psychotherapy , people's thoughts and emotions are seen as complex wholes.   在格式塔心理学和格式塔精神疗法中，人的思想和情感被视为复杂的整体。



★☆☆   gestation
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
BABY  胎儿     specialized 
■(the period of) the development of a child or young animal while it is still inside its mother's body    怀孕（期），妊娠（期）
The baby was born prematurely at 28 weeks gestation.   胎儿在怀孕的第28周早产。
The period of gestation of rats is 21 days.   老鼠的妊娠期是21天。noun uncountable 
IDEA  想法  
■(the period of) the development of ideas, thoughts or plans 
  （想法、思想或计划的）酝酿（期），孕育（期）
The scheme had a very long gestation period.   这个方案经过了很长时间的酝酿。



★☆☆   gesticulate
—————————————————
 formal 
verb intransitive 
■to make movements with your hands or arms, to express something or to emphasize what you are saying 
  （说话时）做手势，用手势表达，用动作（或姿态）示意
There was a man outside the window gesticulating wildly.   有个人在窗外拼命做手势。



★☆☆   gesture
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
MOVEMENT  动作  
 ADVANCED  
■a movement of the hands, arms or head, etc. to express an idea or feeling    手势；姿势；示意动作
The prisoner raised his fist in a gesture of defiance as he was led out of the courtroom.   犯人被带出法庭时，举起拳头以示抗议。
She made a rude gesture at the other driver.   她对另一个司机做了个粗鲁的手势。UK noun countable 
SYMBOLIC ACT  象征性的行动  
 ADVANCED  
■an action that you take which expresses your feelings or intentions, although it might have little practical effect    姿态；表示
The Government donated £500 000 as a gesture of goodwill.   该政府捐助了50万英镑以示友善。
Not having butter on his potatoes was his only gesture towards healthy eating.   他说要注意饮食健康，可也仅仅是吃马铃薯时不抹奶油而已。UK verb intransitive 
■to use a gesture to express or emphasize something    做手势；用手势表示；用动作示意
When he asked where the children were, she gestured vaguely in the direction of the beach.   他问她孩子们在哪里，她心不在焉地朝沙滩方向指了一下。
He made no answer but walked on, gesturing for me to follow.   他没有回答而继续向前走，打了个手势让我跟上。



★☆☆   gesture politics
—————————————————
 disapproving 
noun uncountable 
■any action by a person or organization done for political reasons and intended to attract public attention but having little real effect    政治作秀，姿态政治（个人或组织出于政治目的而做出的动作，意在吸引公众注意，没有真正实际效果）
The call for a one-day national strike was dismissed as gesture politics.   举行一天全国性罢工的呼吁被斥为姿态政治。



★☆☆   gesundheit
—————————————————
 mainly US 
exclamation 
■said to someone after they have sneezed 
  （对打喷嚏的人说的吉祥话）百岁，长命百岁，祝你健康
⇨ See also bless you!



★☆☆   get
—————————————————
verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
OBTAIN  得到  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to obtain, buy or earn something    获得，得到；买到；赚得，赢得
He's gone down to the corner shop to get some milk.   他到那家街角小店买牛奶去了。
I think she gets about forty thousand pounds a year.   我想她一年大约赚四万英镑。
We stopped off on the motorway to get some breakfast.   我们在高速公路上，中途停车吃了点早餐。
I managed to get all three suitcases for under $200.   我设法以低于200美元的价格把三个手提箱全买下了。
How much did he get for his car (= How much money did he sell it for) ?   他的汽车卖了多少钱？
Where did you get your radio from ?   你的收音机在哪里买的？
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to receive or be given something    收到；得到；接到
I got quite a surprise when I saw her with short hair.   我看到她剪了短发，感到很诧异。
When did you get the news about Sam?   你是甚么时候得到关于山姆的消息？
I got a (telephone) call from Phil last night.   我昨晚接到菲尔的一个电话。
What mark did he get in his exam?   这次考试他得了多少分？
I got the impression that they'd rather be alone.   我觉得他们宁愿不要别人陪伴。
What did you get for your birthday?   你生日收到了甚么礼物？
We don't get much snow (= It does not often snow) here.   我们这儿不大下雪。
I managed to get a glimpse of him (= see him for a moment) through the crowds.   我从人群的缝隙中看了他一眼。
If you get a moment (= have time available) , could you help me fill in that form?   你要是有时间的话，能不能帮我填那张表？
She gets such pleasure from her garden.   她从她的花园中得到很多乐趣。
If you can get some time off work, we could finish the decorating.   如果你能从工作中抽出一点时间，我们就可以完成装修。
I can never get her to my self (= be alone with her) because she's always surrounded by people.   我从来无法跟她独处，因为她身边总是有人围着。
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to go somewhere and bring back someone or something 
  （去）拿来，取来，叫来
I must just get the washing in.   我得去把洗好的衣服取回来。
[+ two objects] Can I get you a drink?   我给你端杯饮品，好吗？
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to take someone or something into your possession by force    捕获；抓获
Have the police got the man who did it yet?   员警已经逮到做这事的人了吗？
Your cat got a bird this morning!   你的猫今天上午抓住了一只小鸟！verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
REACH  到达  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive usually + adverb or preposition transitive 
■to reach or arrive at a particular place    到达
We hadn't even got as far as London when the car broke down.   我们连伦敦都没开到，汽车就抛了锚。
What time does he normally get home (from work)?   他（下班后）一般甚么时候回到家？
If you get to the restaurant before us, just wait at the bar.   如果你比我们先到饭店，在吧台那里等就行了。
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to reach a particular stage, condition or time    达到（某个阶段或者时间点）；处于（某种状态）
You earn loads if you get to the top in that profession.   那种职业你要是晋升到了高层，会赚很多钱。
It got to Thursday and she still hadn't heard any news.   都星期四了，她仍然没有听到任何消息。
informal I'm getting to the stage now where I just want to give up.   现在，我几乎到了一心想要放弃的地步。
get far/somewhere/anywhere 
■to make progress or to improve    有进步；获得进展；有提高
She's taking flute lessons, but she really doesn't seem to be getting anywhere with it.   她正在上长笛班，但是她好像一点进步也没有。
It's been hard settling in, but I feel I'm getting somewhere at last.   适应的过程非常艰难，但我觉得最终还是有所进步。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
BECOME ILL WITH  因为…生病  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to become ill with a disease, virus, etc    感染上；患上；得（病）
I got food poisoning at that cheap little seafood restaurant.   我在那家廉价的小海鲜餐馆进餐后食物中毒了。
Kids get all kinds of bugs at school.   孩子们在学校里会得各种小毛病。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
START TO BE  变得  
 ESSENTIAL  [L] 
■to become or start to be    变成；变得
He gets really upset if you mention his baldness.   你要是提他秃头的事儿，他就会很生气。
Is your cold getting any better?   你感冒好点儿了吗？
Your coffee's getting cold.   你的咖啡要凉掉了。
After a while you get used to all the noise.   过一会儿你就会习惯这些噪音了。
You're getting quite a big boy now, aren't you!   你长成个大男孩了，是不是！
[+ to infinitive] How did you get to be a belly dancer?   你是怎么成为一个肚皮舞舞蹈员的？
get going/moving informal 
■to start to go or move    开始走；开始动身
We'd better get moving or we'll be late.   我们最好开始动身，不然就要晚了。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
CAUSE  引起  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to cause something to happen, or cause someone or something to do something    促使；使得；把…弄得
[+ adj] She had to get the kids ready for school.   她得帮孩子们收拾妥当好去上学。
[+ past participle] I'm trying to get this article finish ed for Thursday.   我正在努力赶这篇文章，好在星期四交。
We get our milk deliver ed.   我们叫人把牛奶送过来。
[+ -ing verb] Haven't you got the photocopier working yet?   你还没把影印机弄好吗？
[+ to infinitive] I can't get my computer to work!   我的电脑没法用了！
 IMPROVER  [T + obj + to infinitive] 
■to persuade someone to do something    说服（某人做某事）
Why don't you get Nicole to come to the party?   你为甚么不劝妮高一起来参加聚会？
 IMPROVER  [T + past participle] 
■to do something to something or someone without intending to or by accident 
  （无意间或意外地）使被弄得
He got his bag caught in the train doors as they were closing.   火车关门时，他的袋子给卡在了门缝里。
I always get the two youngest sisters' names confus ed.   我总是混淆那两个最小的姐妹的名字。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
BE  是  
 ESSENTIAL  [L + past participle] 
■sometimes used instead of 'be' to form the passive 
  （有时代替 be 构成被动形式）变成，变得，被
I got shout ed at by some idiot for walking past his house.   一个白痴嫌我从他家门口走过去，向我大喊大叫。
They're getting marri ed later this year.   他们将在今年晚些时候结婚。
This window seems to have got broken.   这扇窗户好像被打破了。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
MOVE  移动  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to move to a different place or into a different position    移动，去
I hit my head as I was getting into the car.   我钻进汽车时碰到了头。
Get out of here now or I'll call the police.   你现在从这儿出去，不然我就报警。
The bed is too wide - we'll never get it through the door.   这张床太宽了——我们不可能把它搬进门去。
Getting up the ladder was easy enough - it was coming down that was the problem.   上梯子很容易——难就难在怎样下来。
He got down on his knees and asked me to marry him!   他跪下来向我求婚！verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
TRAVEL  出行  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to travel somewhere in a train, bus or other vehicle    搭乘，乘坐
Shall we get a taxi to the station?   我们乘计程车去车站吧？
  Common Learner Errors   train   Remember: choose the correct preposition!   Don't say 'get in/into the train', say get on the train :   I got on the train and sat down.   To talk about leaving a train, don't say 'get out of', say get off :   You need to get off the train at the last stop.   During the journey, you are on the train , not 'in the train'.verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
DEAL WITH  处理  
 IMPROVER  transitive 
■to deal with or answer a ringing telephone, knock on the door, etc    接（电话）；应（门）
Hey, Ty, someone's at the door - would you get it, please?   哎，泰，有人敲门，麻烦你去开门，好吗？verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
HAVE CHANCE  有机会  
 ADVANCED  intransitive + to infinitive 
■to have the chance to do something    有机会（做…）；得到（做…的）机会
I never get to see her now that she's left the company.   她离开了公司，我再也没见过她。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
UNDERSTAND/HEAR  理解／听到  
 ADVANCED  transitive 
■to understand or hear something    懂，理解；听见
I didn't get what he said because the music was so loud.   音乐声太大了，我听不见他说甚么。
I told that joke to Sophia, but she didn't get it.   我跟苏菲亚讲了那个笑话，可她没有听懂。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
PREPARE  准备  
 ADVANCED  transitive 
■to prepare a meal    准备，做（饭）
I'll put the kids to bed while you're getting the dinner.   你做饭，我哄孩子们上床睡觉。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
PAY  买  
intransitive or transitive 
■to pay for something    为…付钱；买   


get 1	1. Put your money away - I'll get these drinks.
 把你的钱收起来——这些饮料我付钱。
verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
CONFUSE  使糊涂  
transitive informal 
■to confuse someone and make them completely unable to understand or explain    使困惑；把…难住
Give him a technical question - that'll really get him!   问他个技术性问题——肯定会把他难住！
You've got me there! informal 
■something that you say when you do not know the answer to a question    你把我难住了！我答不上来！
'How many miles is five kilometres?' 'You've got me there.'   “五公里是多少英里？”“你真把我难住了。”verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
ANNOY  惹恼  
transitive informal 
■to annoy someone    使烦恼，使恼火
It really gets me the way we're expected to actually laugh at his pathetic jokes!   他讲那种无聊的笑话，还非要我们笑不可，我真的受不了！verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
EMOTION  情感  
transitive informal 
■to make someone feel strongly emotional and often to cry    使激动，使感动
That bit in the film when he finds out that his daughter is alive - that always gets me!   电影中，他发现自己的女儿还活着的那个情景——我一看到那里就很感动！verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
HIT  击中  
transitive 
■to hit someone, especially with a bullet or something thrown 
  （尤指子弹或投掷的东西）击中，打中
The bullet got her in the leg.   子弹击中了她的腿。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
Get him/her/you etc. ! informal 
■said to make the person you are with look at or notice someone, and usually laugh at them 
  （通常用于嘲笑某人时）瞧，看看，瞅瞅
Get him in his new clothes!   看看他穿新衣服啦！verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
get it on slang 
■to have sex    发生性关系
Did you get it on with him?   你跟他做那事儿了吗？verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
get it together informal 
■to make a decision or take positive action in your life    下定决心；振作起来，打起精神
Brian has really got it together since I last saw him - he has started a teaching course and lost a lot of weight.   我上次见他以后，布莱恩确实已经振作起来了——他参加了一个教师培训班，体重也减了不少。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get about UK (US get around) 
TRAVEL  
■to travel to a lot of places    各处旅行；广泛游历
Spain last week and Germany this week - he gets about, doesn't he!   上星期去西班牙，这星期去德国——他可真叫周游列国啊，是不是！
MOVE  
■to be able to go to different places without difficulty, especially if you are old or ill 
  （尤指老年人或病人）能四处走动，活动
My gran is finding it harder to get about these days.   近来我祖母发觉走动不那么灵活了。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] get sth across  ADVANCED  
■to manage to make someone understand or believe something    使被理解；使被传达；把…说清楚
We tried to get our point across, but he just wouldn't listen.   我们试图解释清楚我们的观点，但他就是不听。
This is the message that we want to get across to the public.   这就是我们想传达给公众的资讯。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get ahead 
■to be successful in the work that you do    取得进展；获得成功
It's tough for a woman to get ahead in politics.   一个女性在政界获得成功是很困难的。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get along mainly US (mainly UK get on) 
BE FRIENDLY  
■If two or more people get along, they like each other and are friendly to each other    相处融洽；和睦相处
I don't really get along with my sister's husband.   我和我姐夫不太合得来。
DEAL WITH  
■to deal with a situation, usually successfully 
  （通常指成功地）对付，应付
I wonder how Michael is getting along in his new job?   我不知道米高的新工作做得如何。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get around    mainly US for 
■get round 
News of Helen's pregnancy soon got around the office.   海伦怀孕的消息很快就在办公室传开了。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get at sb informal 
CRITICIZE     UK (US usually get on sb) 
■to criticize a person repeatedly in a way that makes them unhappy    一再批评；不断指责；老是数落（某人）
He keeps getting at me and I really don't know what I've done wrong.   他没完没了地指责我，可我真的不知道自己做错了甚么。
INFLUENCE  
■to influence a person illegally, usually by offering them money or threatening them 
  （通常指透过给钱或者威胁）对（某人）施加影响；买通，贿赂（某人）
The accused claimed that the witness had been got at.   被告声称证人被收买了。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get at sth 
REACH  
 ADVANCED  
■to reach or obtain something, especially something that is difficult to get    够到，触及，获得（尤指难以得到的东西）
I've put the cake on a high shelf where he can't get at it.   我把蛋糕放到高处的架上了，那里他不能触及。
SUGGEST  
■informalWhen someone is getting at something, they mean it or are trying to express it    暗示；意指；试图说明
I'm not sure what you're getting at - don't you think I should come tonight?   我搞不清你到底甚么意思——你觉得我今晚不该来吗？
What do you think the poet is getting at in these lines?   你认为诗人透过这几行诗要表达甚么意思？verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get away 
 IMPROVER  
■to leave or escape from a person or place, often when it is difficult to do this    走开，离开；逃脱
We walked to the next beach to get away from the crowds.   为了避开人群，我们向另一片海滩走去。
I'll get away from work as soon as I can.   我会尽早下班。
 IMPROVER  
■to go somewhere to have a holiday, often because you need to rest 
  （常指因需要休息而）外出渡假
I just need to get away for a few days.   我真的很需要出去度几天假。
We've decided to go to Scotland to get away from it all.   我们已经决定去苏格兰渡假，彻底远离这一切。
Get away (with you)! old-fashioned informal 
■said when you do not believe or agree with what someone is saying 
  （表示不相信或不同意）去你的吧！别胡扯啦！瞎扯！
"Ralph painted that, you know." "Get away!"   “你知道吗，那画是拉尔夫画的。”“瞎扯！”verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get away with sth 
AVOID PUNISHMENT  
 ADVANCED  
■to succeed in avoiding punishment for something    做（错事）而未被惩罚，做（坏事）而未被发觉
If I thought I could get away with it, I wouldn't pay any tax at all.   如果我认为逃税可以不受处罚的话，我就干脆一分钱都不交了。
SUCCEED  
■to do something successfully although it is not the best way of doing it    将就着做成；勉强应付过去
Do you think we could get away with just one coat of paint on that wall?   你觉得那道墙只刷一遍漆便可以吗？
get away with murder informal 
■to be allowed to do things that other people would be punished or criticised for    被纵容做错事；做坏事而不受指责
He's so charming that he really does get away with murder.   他很讨人喜欢，所以做了错事也不会挨骂。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get back  IMPROVER  
■to return to a place after you have been somewhere else    回来，返回
If you get back in time, you can come with us.   如果你能及时赶回来，你就可以跟我们一起去。
When we got back to the hotel, Ann had already left.   当我们回到饭店时，安已经走了。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get sb back (also get back at sb) informal 
■to do something unpleasant to someone because they have done something unpleasant to you    向（某人）报复
I'll get you back for this, just you wait!   你这样对我，我会报复的，你就等着吧！   


get 2	2. I think he's trying to get back at her for those remarks she made in the meeting.
 我认为，他因为她在会上说了那些话而在设法报复她。
verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] get sth back  ESSENTIAL  
■to be given something again that you had before    取回；拿回
He went next door to get his ball back.   他到隔壁去取回他的球。
Don't lend him money, you'll never get it back.   别借钱给他，你会永远要不回来的。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get back to sb 
■to talk to someone again, usually on the telephone, in order to give them some information or because you were not able to speak to them before    给（某人）回话；（通常指）给（某人）回电话
I'll get back to you later with those figures.   晚些时候我会给你回电话，告诉你那些数字。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get back to sth 
■to start doing or talking about something again    继续（做…）；接着（谈…）
Anyway, I'd better get back to work.   别管怎么说，我最好还是继续工作吧。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get behind 
■to fail to do as much work or pay as much money as you should by a particular time    落后，拖延；拖欠
She got behind with her mortgage and the house was repossessed.   她拖欠抵押贷款，房子被收回去了。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get by 
■to be able to live or deal with a situation with difficulty, usually by having just enough of something you need, such as money    勉强过活，勉强应付过去
How can he get by on so little money?   他是怎样靠那一点儿钱维持生计的？
We can get by with four computers at the moment, but we'll need a couple more when the new staff arrive.   我们眼下可以将就着用四台电脑，但新职员到来时就需要再添置几台了。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get sb down 
■If something gets you down, it makes you feel unhappy or depressed    令（某人）不快；使（某人）忧郁；使（某人）沮丧
The chaos in his house was starting to get him down.   他家里凌乱不堪，开始使他沮丧。
I know it's frustrating, but don't let it get you down.   我知道这很令人不快，但是千万不要因此而灰心。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] get sth down 
■to write something, especially something that someone has said    记录，写下，记下（尤指口述的内容）
I didn't manage to get down that last bit she said, about the meeting.   她说的话最后有一点儿我没记下来，是关于会议的事情。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] get sth down (sb) 
■to succeed in swallowing something although it is difficult    困难地咽下；费力地吞下
Her throat was so swollen that she couldn't get the tablets down.   她喉咙肿得很厉害，吞不下药片。
informal humorous Your dinner is on the table and you've got ten minutes to get it down (you).   晚餐就在桌子上，你有十分钟时间塞进肚子里。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get down to sth 
■to start to direct your efforts and attention towards something    开始认真对待；开始认真注意；开始努力做
I've got a lot of work to do, but I can't seem to get down to it.   我有很多工作要做，可我好像就是没法安下心来去做。
[+ -ing verb] I must get down to booking our holiday.   我要开始安排我们的假期了。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get in 
ENTER  
 ESSENTIAL  
■to succeed in entering a place, especially by using force or a trick 
  （尤指用武力或欺骗手段）进入
They must have got in through the bathroom window.   他们一定是从浴室破窗而入的。
ARRIVE  
 ADVANCED  
■to arrive at your home or the place where you work    到家；到上班地点
What time did you get in last night?   你昨晚甚么时候到家的？
■If a train or other vehicle gets in at a particular time, that is when it arrives 
  （火车等）到达，抵达
What time is the plane expected to get in?   飞机预计甚么时候到?
Get in there! informal 
■something you say when something good happens to someone    真走运（对某人遇到好事时作出的反应）verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get in/get into sth  ADVANCED  
■to succeed in being chosen or elected    入选，当选；被录取
He wanted to go to Oxford, but he didn't get in.   他想上牛津大学，但没被录取。
The Republicans are bound to get in at the next elections.   下次选举共和党一定会获胜。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] get sth in 
SEND  
■to send something so that it arrives by a particular time    递送，送交
I have to get my application in by Thursday.   我必须在周四前递交申请。
SAY  
■to succeed in saying something, although it is difficult to do this because other people are talking too    插（话）
He couldn't get a word in because she was talking so much.   她滔滔不绝，他一句话也插不进去。
I'll try to get my suggestion in at the start of the meeting.   我会尽量在会议开始时把我的建议提出来。
FIND TIME     informal 
■to manage to find time to do something or deal with someone    抽空做；安排时间做
I get in a bit of gardening most evenings.   在傍晚，我大多会抽空收拾一会儿花园。
BUY     UK informal 
■to buy a supply of something, usually food or drink, so that you will have enough of what you need    买（通常指食物或饮品）
We'll have to get some food in for the weekend if we're having visitors.   如果周末有客人来，我们就要去买些东西吃。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get sb in 
■to ask a trained person to come to your home to do some paid work    请（技工等）到家来做事，付钱请人上门服务
We'll have to get a plumber in to look at that water tank.   我们要请水管工来检查一下那个水箱。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get in on sth 
■to start to take part in an activity that is already happening because you will win an advantage from it 
  （为获利而中途）加入，参加
A Japanese company tried to get in on the deal.   一家日本公司试图插手这宗交易。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get into sb 
■If you do not know what has got into someone, you do not understand why they are behaving strangely    支配（某人）；使（某人）行为异常
I can't think what's got into him. He doesn't usually make such a fuss.   我真想不出他这是中了甚么邪，他平时可不是这样大惊小怪的。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get into sth 
■to become interested in an activity or subject, or start being involved in an activity    开始对…感兴趣；参与，参加
She's been getting into yoga recently - she does three classes a week.   她最近开始对瑜伽感兴趣了——她一周上三次瑜伽课。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get (sb) into sth 
■to (cause someone to) become involved in a difficult situation, often without intending to 
  （常指无意间使某人）陷入
After he lost his job, he got into debt.   他失业后就欠下许多债。
Are you trying to get me into trouble?   你是不是在设法令我麻烦缠身？verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get off 
■to leave a place, usually in order to start a journey 
  （通常指为开始旅程而）离去，离开，出发
If we can get off by seven o'clock, the roads will be clearer.   如果我们可以在七点前走，路上会比较少车。
■informal 
■to leave work with permission, usually at the end of the day 
  （通常指一天工作结束后）经许可离开工作，下班
How early can you get off this afternoon?   今天下午你能多早下班？§/get/


get 3	 verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get off (sth)  ESSENTIAL  
■to leave a train, bus or aircraft    下（车、飞机等）
Get off at Camden Town.   在锦登镇下车。
I tripped as I got off the bus.   我下公车时绊了一跤。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get sth off 
■to send a letter or parcel to someone    邮寄，寄出
I got that letter off this morning.   我今天上午把那封信寄出去了。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get (sb) off 
SLEEP  
■to start sleeping, or to help a baby to start sleeping 
  （使）入睡
It was so hot that I didn't get off (to sleep) till three o'clock.   天气太热了，我直到三点才睡着。
I've been trying to get the baby off (to sleep) for an hour!   我哄婴儿睡觉都哄了一个小时了！
PLEASURE     mainly US slang 
■to have or give someone an orgasm 
  （使）（某人）达到性高潮
They got off at the same time.   他们俩同时达到了性高潮。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get (sb) off (sth) 
■to avoid punishment, or to help another person to avoid punishment for something 
  （使）逃脱惩罚；帮助（某人）逃脱惩罚
She was charged with fraud, but her lawyer managed to get her off.   她被控诈骗，但她的律师设法使她免受惩罚。
"Was he found guilty?" "No, he got off."   “他被判有罪吗？”“没有，他逃过了法律制裁。”
She got off with (= her only punishment was) a small fine.   她只交了一点儿罚款就万事大吉了。
get off lightly 
■to experience less serious punishment, injury or harm than you might have expected    逃脱严厉的惩罚；逃过一劫；所幸没有受重伤
I think I got off quite lightly with one or two cuts, bearing in mind how damaged the car was.   我觉得真是捡了条命，只被刮伤了一两处，你想想车都给毁成那个样子了。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get sth off (sth) informal 
■to remove a part of your body from a particular place    把…（从…处）移开，把…（从…上）拿开
Get your dirty feet off the settee!   把你的脏脚从沙发上挪开！
Get your hands off me!   拿开手，别碰我！verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get off on sth informal 
■to find something exciting, especially in a sexual way    因…感到兴奋（尤指性兴奋）
Dave likes power - he gets off on it.   戴夫喜欢权势——这让他很过瘾。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get off with sb UK slang 
■to begin a sexual relationship with someone    与（某人）发生性关系；与（某人）上床
She'd got off with some bloke at the party.   她和一个在派对上认识的家伙发生关系了。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get on 
RELATIONSHIP  
 IMPROVER  mainly UK (mainly US get along) 
■to have a good relationship    友好相处
We're getting on much better now that we don't live together.   我们不住在一起，关系好多了。
He doesn't get on with his daughter.   他和女儿关系闹得很僵。
MANAGE  
 IMPROVER  mainly UK (mainly US get along) 
■to manage or deal with a situation, especially successfully 
  （尤指成功地）应付，应对
How are you getting on in your new flat?   你在新房子里住得还好吧？
We're getting on quite well with the decorating.   我们的装修进展不错。
CONTINUE  
■to continue doing something, especially work    继续做（尤指工作）
I suppose I could get on with the ironing while I'm waiting.   我想，我在等候时还可以继续熨衣服。
I'll leave you to get on then, shall I?   我就交给你来继续做，好不好？
OLD  
be getting on informal 
 ADVANCED  
■to be getting old    变老，上年纪
He's getting on (a bit)- he'll be seventy-six next birthday.   他（有点）老了——下次再过生日就76岁了。
LATE  
be getting on 
   informal 
■If you say it's getting on, or time is getting on, you mean it is becoming late    渐晚，渐迟
It's getting on - we'd better be going.   不早了——我们最好走吧。
getting on for UK (US going on) 
■almost    接近
He must be getting on for 80 now.   他现在一定快到80岁了。
It was getting on for midnight.   临近午夜了。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get on (sth)  ESSENTIAL  
■to go onto a bus, train, aircraft or boat    上（车、飞机、船等）
I think we got on the wrong bus.   我想我们上错公共汽车了。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get on to/onto sth 
SUBJECT  
■to start talking about a different subject    转而谈论，开始讨论（另一话题）
How did we get on to (the subject of) your grandmother's cat?   我们怎么说着说着就聊起你祖母的猫（的事儿）来了？
PERSON     UK 
■to speak or write to a person or organization because you want them to help you in some way 
  （为了让其帮忙而）与…联系，写信给
Did you remember to get on to the plumber about the shower?   你记着要联系水管工来修淋浴器了吗？verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get out 
LEAVE  
 ESSENTIAL  
■to leave a closed vehicle, building, etc    车；出去；出来
I'll get out when you stop at the traffic lights.   你在红绿灯那里停车时，我就下去。
VISIT PLACES  
■to go out to different places and socialize    外出参加社交活动
We don't get out much since we had the children.   自我们有了孩子后，就不大外出参加社交活动了。
BECOME KNOWN  
■If news or information gets out, people hear about it although someone is trying to keep it secret 
  （消息或资讯）泄漏，被人知道
I don't want it to get out that I'm leaving before I've had a chance to tell Anthony.   在我找到机会亲自告诉安东尼前，我不想让人知道我要离开。
You should get out more. humorous 
■used to tell someone that they are spending too much time doing things which are boring or not important    你应该做点更有意义的事；别老憋在家里做些鸡毛蒜皮的事。
"I've ordered all my CD's alphabetically." "Mmm, I think you should get out more, Mike."   “我把所有的光碟都按字母顺序排好了。”“哦，我觉得你倒不如出去做些更有意思的事，麦克。”verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get (sb/sth) out  IMPROVER  
■to (help someone or something to) escape from or leave a place 
  （帮…）逃离，离开
I left the door open and the cat got out.   我把门打开后，猫就跑了出去。
A team of commandoes got the hostages out from the rebel base.   一队突击队员从叛军基地把人质解营救出来。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get out of sth 
AVOID  
 ADVANCED  
■to avoid doing something that you do not want to do, especially by giving an excuse 
  （尤指透过找借口）逃避，规避，摆脱
I reckon her backache was just a way of getting out of the housework.   我想，她说背痛只不过是为了逃避做家务而编造的借口罢了。
[+ -ing verb] If I can get out of going to the meeting tonight I will.   今晚的会议我要是能不去就不去。
STOP  
■to give up or stop a habit or a regular activity    放弃，戒除，抛弃（习惯等）
I must get out of the habit of finishing off people's sentences for them.   我得改掉打断别人，然后替人把话说完的习惯。
If you get out of a routine, it's very hard to get back into it.   如果你打破了一种常规，就很难再恢复。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get sth out of sth 
■to enjoy something or think something is useful    从…中得到；从…中受益
It was a really boring course and I don't think I got much out of it.   这课程很沉闷，我觉得从中学不到甚么东西。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get sth out of sb 
■to persuade or force someone to tell or give you something    劝（某人）说出（或拿出）；迫使（某人）讲出（或交出）
He was determined to get the truth out of her.   他下决心要令她说出真相。§/get/


get 4	 verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get over sth/sb 
 IMPROVER  
■to get better after an illness, or feel better after something or someone has made you unhappy    从（疾病或令人不快的事）中恢复过来
She was only just getting over the flu when she got a stomach bug.   她流感刚要好，又得了胃病。
It took him years to get over the shock of his wife dying.   他妻子死后数年，他才从这打击中恢复过来。
It took her months to get over Rupert when he finished the relationship.   鲁珀特和她分手了，过了好几个月她才开始忘掉他。
Get over yourself! informal 
■something you say to tell someone to stop thinking that they are more important than other people, especially when they are complaining about something    得了吧；省省吧（尤用于当某人抱怨的时候，要求其不要自视过高或自以为优于他人）
not get over sth 
■When you say that you can't get over something, you mean that you are very surprised by it    对…感到惊讶（或震惊）
I can't get over the way he behaved at your party - it was appalling!   他在你派对上的行为令我非常震惊——真是太不像话了！verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get sth over with 
■to do or finish an unpleasant but necessary piece of work or duty so that you do not have to worry about it in the future    熬过，做完，结束（不乐意但必须做的事）
I'll be glad to get these exams over with.   我倒是很乐意考完这些试。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get round (somewhere) UK (US get around (somewhere)) 
■If news or information gets round, a lot of people hear about it 
  （消息等）传开，流传
News of her pregnancy soon got round (the office).   她怀孕的消息迅速（在办公室）传开了。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get round sb UK 
■to persuade someone to allow you something by using your charm    哄劝（某人）同意；（用奉承手段）说服（某人）答应
[+ to infinitive] See if you can get round your father to give you a lift to the cinema.   看能不能把你父亲哄高兴了，让他开车把你送到戏院。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get round sth UK (US get around sth) 
■to succeed in avoiding or solving a problem    成功应对，解决，避免
We can get round the problem of space by building an extension.   我们可以透过扩建来解决空间不足的问题。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get round to sth UK  ADVANCED  
■to do something that you have intended to do for a long time    做（早就想做的事情）
I still haven't got round to fixing that tap.   我还没修理那个水龙头。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get through 
■to succeed in talking to someone on the telephone    用电话联系上；打通电话
I tried to phone her but couldn't get through.   我试图给她打电话，但打不通。
I got through to the wrong department.   我把电话错打到另外一个部门去了。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get through sth 
EXAMINATION  
 ADVANCED  
■to succeed in an examination or competition    通过（考试）；在 （比赛）中胜出
She got through her exams without too much trouble.   她很顺利就通过了考试。
FINISH  
■to use up or finish something    用完，耗尽；做完，结束
We're getting through a lot of coffee/toilet paper.   我们喝掉了很多咖啡／用完了很多卫生纸。
I can get through a lot more work when I'm on my own.   我一个人时，能完成比这多很多的工作。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get (sb) through sth 
■to deal with a difficult or unpleasant experience, or to help someone do this 
  （帮某人）渡过（难关）；（帮某人）应付（困难）
I don't know how I got through the first couple of months after Andy's death.   安迪去世后的那几个月，我都不知道是怎么熬过来的。
We need to conserve our supplies so we can get through the winter.   我们得节约使用日常用品，这样才能渡过冬天。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get (sth) through (to sb) 
■to succeed in making someone understand or believe something    使（某人）明白；（把…）向（某人）讲清楚
[+ question word] We can't get through to the government just how serious the problem is!   我们就是没法让政府明白这问题有多严重！
I don't seem to be able to get through to (= communicate with) him these days.   这些日子我好像根本没法跟他交流。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get to  ADVANCED  
■You ask where people or things have got to when they do not arrive or are not where you expect them to be and you want to know where they are 
  （用于人没有如约到来或找不到某人、某物时）去，跑到
I wonder where my glasses have got to.   我不知道我的眼镜哪里去了。
Where's Annabel got to? She should be here by now.   安娜贝尔跑哪里去了？她现在应该到这里。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get to sb informal 
SUFFER  
■If something gets to you, it makes you suffer    对（某人）产生影响；使难受；使不舒服
The heat was beginning to get to me, so I went indoors.   天气热得我开始难受，我就进屋了。
UPSET  
■If someone gets to you, they make you feel upset or angry    使（某人）烦恼；使（某人）生气：
I know he's annoying, but you shouldn't let him get to you.   我知道他很讨厌，但是你也不应该跟这种人生气啊。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get together 
MEET  
■If two or more people get together, they meet each other, having arranged it before    会面；聚会，相聚
Shall we get together on Friday and go for a drink or something?   我们星期五聚聚喝点东西，如何？
⇨ See also get-together
START     informal 
■to start a romantic relationship    开始谈恋爱；开始交往
She got together with Paul two years ago.   她两年前开始跟保罗恋爱。
They finally get it together right at the end of the film.   在影片的结尾，他们终于走在一起了。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get up 
STAND  
 ESSENTIAL  
■to stand up    起立；站起来
The whole audience got up and started clapping.   全体观众起立鼓掌。
GROW STRONG     UK 
■If the wind gets up, it starts to grow stronger 
  （风）变大，变猛烈
The wind is getting up.   风越刮越大。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get (sb) up  ESSENTIAL  
■to wake up and get out of bed, or to tell or help someone to do this 
  （叫某人）起床
I got up at five o'clock this morning!   我今早五点就起床了！
It's dreadful trying to get the kids up on school days.   叫孩子们起床去上学，真的非常费劲！verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] get sth up 
■to organize a group of people to do something    组织；安排；准备
He's getting up a small group to go carol-singing for charity.   他正在组织一个小合唱团去演唱圣诞颂歌，筹募善款。
get your courage up 
■to force yourself to be brave    鼓起勇气
He couldn't get up the courage to ask her for a date.   他鼓不起勇气约她出去。verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get yourself/sb up informal 
■to dress yourself or someone else in particular clothing, especially clothing which is strange and unusual and intended to achieve a particular effect 
  （尤指为取得某种效果而用奇装异服）打扮（某人），给（某人）化装
[R] He'd got him self up as a Roman emperor for the fancy-dress party.   他把自己装扮成一个罗马皇帝去参加化装舞会。    get-up
    UK noun countable    informal    2. He was in a sort of Mafia get-up (= set of clothes) , with a pin-striped suit and wide tie.    他一身细条纹西装，配一条宽领带，那装扮有点像黑手党。§/get/


get 5	 verb (getting, got, got or US gotten)
  Phrasal Verbs   get up to sth UK  ADVANCED  
■to do something, often something that other people would disapprove of    做（常指别人不赞同的事）
She's been getting up to all sorts of mischief lately.   她近来总是搞各种各样的恶作剧。
I wonder what those two got up to yesterday?   我真相知道那两个人昨天作了些甚么勾当。




★☆☆   getaway
—————————————————
UK /'get&#x2CC;-] informal 
noun countable 
■when someone leaves a place quickly, usually after committing a crime 
  （通常指犯罪后）逃跑，逃走，逃离
The two masked men made their getaway in a stolen van.   两个戴面具的人驾着一辆偷来的小型货车逃跑了。
a getaway car   （罪犯作案后）逃走用的汽车
⇨ See also get away at get



★☆☆   get-together
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an informal meeting or social occasion, often arranged for a particular purpose 
  （非正式的、常为某一目的而安排的）聚会；联欢会
a family get-together   家人团聚
⇨ See also get together at get



★☆☆   get-up-and-go
—————————————————
UK  US informal 
noun uncountable 
■the quality of being positive and having a lot of new ideas, determination and energy    干劲；闯劲；进取心
This job needs someone with a bit of get-up-and-go.   这项工作需要一个有点魄力的人来做。



★☆☆   geyser
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a hole in the ground from which hot water and steam are sent out    间歇喷泉
UK 
■especially in the past, a device which uses gas to provide a house with hot water    （特别是旧时）煤气热水器；热水锅炉



★☆☆   Ghana
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Ghana    迦纳



★☆☆   Ghanaian
—————————————————
noun countable adjective 
■Ghanaian    迦纳人／迦纳的



★☆☆   ghastly
—————————————————
UK adjective    informal 
■unpleasant and shocking    可怕的；令人震惊的
Today's newspaper gives all the ghastly details of the murder.   今天的报纸登出了谋杀案的全部细节，令人毛骨悚然。
■informal 
■extremely bad    极坏的；极糟糕的
What ghastly weather !   天气太糟了！
It was all a ghastly mistake.   这是极其严重的错误。
I thought her outfit was ghastly.   我觉得她的套装难看死了。
■literary 
■describes someone who looks very ill or very shocked, especially with a very pale face    一脸病容的；（由于惊吓）面如死灰的；（尤指）面无血色的
You look ghastly - are you okay?   你脸色苍白——你没事吧？



★☆☆   ghee
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a type of clear butter used in South Asian cooking 
  （用于印度食物烹调的）酥油，印度奶油，精炼奶油



★☆☆   gherkin
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a small type of cucumber (= long thin green vegetable) which is often pickled (= kept in vinegar) 
  （做泡菜用的）小黄瓜
a pickled gherkin   醋泡小黄瓜



★☆☆   ghetto
—————————————————
UK  US (plural ghettos or ghettoes)
noun countable 
■an area of a city, especially a very poor area, where people of a particular race or religion live closely together and apart from other people 
  （尤指城市中贫穷的）某种族（或宗教信仰者）聚居区；贫民区
As a child she lived in one of New York's poorest ghettos.   童年时，她居住的地方是纽约最贫穷的贫民区之一。
to live in ghetto conditions   在贫民区中生活
■old use 
■in the past, an area of a city where Jews were made to live 
  （旧时的）犹太人居住区，隔都
■a part of society or group that is in some way divided from the main part    被主流社会隔离或集中的某一社会群体
Brought up in what he describes as 'a middle class ghetto', he imagined that all people were as privileged as he was.   自称从小在“一个中产阶级聚居区”长大的他，以为所有人都是平等的。



★☆☆   ghetto blaster
—————————————————
UK US (US also boom box) informal 
noun countable 
■a large long tape recorder that can be carried around by hand    手提大型收音机



★☆☆   ghettoize
—————————————————
(UK usually ghettoise) UK verb transitive often passive 
■to treat a particular group in society are as if they are different from the other parts of society and as if their activities and interests are not important to other people    使集中居住（仿佛他们不同于其他社会群体；及仿佛他们的行为和兴趣比其他人劣等）
Feminist writers, she claimed, had been ghettoized, their books placed on separate shelves in the shops.   她声称女权主义作家被隔离起来了，她们的作品都放在书店中单独的书架上。
The TV company is aware of the danger of ghettoizing disability issues by offering 'specialist' programmes.   电视台意识到，为残疾人士提供专家节目有把残疾人士问题隔离起来的危险。



★☆☆   ghost
—————————————————
UK noun 
SPIRIT  鬼魂  
 ADVANCED  countable 
■the spirit of a dead person, sometimes represented as a pale, almost transparent image of that person, which some people believe appears to people who are alive    鬼，幽灵
Do you believe in ghosts?   你相信有鬼吗？
The gardens are said to be haunted by the ghost of a child who drowned in the river.   据说一个溺死在河中的孩子的幽灵经常在这些花园出现。UK noun 
MEMORY  记忆  
only singular literary 
■a memory, usually of something or someone bad 
  （通常指对不好的事或人的）记忆，回忆；摆脱不掉的往事
The ghost of the old dictator still lingers on.   那个老独裁者在人们的记忆中阴魂不散。UK noun 
give up the ghost 
■to die    死    humorous 
■If a machine gives up the ghost, it stops working 
  （机器）坏了，不能运作，完蛋
We've had the same TV for over ten years and it's just given up the ghost.   我们一台电视用了十年多，刚刚才坏了。
■to stop trying to do something because you know that you will not succeed    放弃…；对…绝望
All I'd cherished from early childhood had been denied me, so I simply gave up the ghost.   我自童年起所珍惜的一切都被夺走了，我只好放弃。UK noun 
look like/as though you've seen a ghost 
■to look very shocked 
  （某人）看上去非常震惊
Whatever's the matter? You look as though you've just seen a ghost!   到底怎么啦，看你一副惊魂未定的样子！UK noun 
not have a/the ghost of a chance informal 
■to have no chance at all    毫无机会
They haven't got a ghost of a chance of winning.   他们毫无胜算。UK verb transitive (also ghost-write) 
■to write a book or article etc. for another person, so that they can pretend it is their own or use it themselves    为…代笔，给…做枪手，替…当捉刀人
His autobiography was ghosted.   他的自传是别人代写的。



★☆☆   ghostly
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■pale and transparent    苍白的；幽灵般的
a ghostly figure/apparition   鬼影／鬼魂
■not loud or clear    若有若无的；隐隐约约的；听不清的
a ghostly voice/echo   阴森可怕的声音／回音



★☆☆   ghost ship 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an imaginary ship    幽灵船，幻想船



★☆☆   ghost story 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a frightening story about ghosts and their activities    鬼故事



★☆☆   ghost town 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a town where few or no people now live    被废弃的城镇



★☆☆   ghost train 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an entertainment for adults and children, in which you travel in a vehicle through a set of exciting and frightening experiences 
  （游乐场的）游鬼城小火车



★☆☆   ghoul
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an evil spirit that eats dead bodies    食尸鬼
informal 
■someone who is very interested in death and unpleasant things    从死亡（或恐怖事物）中取乐的人



★☆☆   ghoulish
—————————————————
adjective 
■ugly and unpleasant, or frightening    丑恶的；令人憎恶的；可怕的
ghoulish faces   狰狞可怕的脸
■disapproving 
■connected with death and unpleasant things    有关死亡的；恐怖的
He takes a ghoulish delight in reading about horrific murders.   他有一种病态嗜好，热衷于阅读与恐怖谋杀案有关的东西。



★☆☆   GHQ
—————————————————
noun uncountable    abbreviation for 
■General Headquarters: the main centre from which a military operation is controlled    总部



★☆☆   GI
—————————————————
noun 
SOLDIER  士兵  
countable informal 
■a soldier in the US army, especially in World War Two 
  （尤指第二次世界大战中的）美国兵noun 
FOOD  食物  
only singular abbreviation for 
■glycemic index: a system for listing foods according to how quickly they increase the level of sugar in your blood    升糖指数（罗列食物提升血糖速度的系统）
low GI foods such as peanuts, milk and lentils   花生、牛奶和小扁豆之类的低血糖指数食物
high GI foods such as sweets and white bread   糖果和白面包之类的高升糖指数食物



★☆☆   giant
—————————————————
noun countable 
VERY TALL PERSON  巨人  
 ADVANCED  
■an imaginary creature like a man but extremely tall, strong and usually very cruel, appearing especially in children's stories 
  （尤指儿童故事中凶残的）巨人
⇨ See also gigantic
■someone who is taller or larger than usual    身材异常高大的人，巨人noun countable 
LARGE BUSINESS  大企业  
■a very successful and powerful person or organization 
  （成功且有影响的）伟人，巨头，大公司
He was one of the intellectual/political giants of this century.   他是本世纪知识界的巨擘／政界巨头之一。
The takeover battle is between two of America's industrial/retail giants (= large companies).   这场收购战是在两个美国工业／零售业巨头之间展开的。adjective 
 IMPROVER  
■extremely large    巨大的，特大的
a giant earth-moving machine   大型掘土机
to take giant steps   大步流星



★☆☆   giantess
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a female giant    女巨人



★☆☆   giant panda 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a panda 



★☆☆   gibber
—————————————————
UK US mainly disapproving 
verb intransitive 
■to speak quickly in a way that cannot be understood, usually when you are very frightened or confused 
  （通常因为害怕或头脑不清而）急促不清地说，语无伦次地说
Stop gibbering, man, and tell us what you saw.   别这么语无伦次的，老兄，告诉我们你看到甚么吧。



★☆☆   gibberish
—————————————————
UK  US disapproving 
noun uncountable 
■spoken or written words which are nonsense and have no meaning    莫名其妙的话（或文字）；文理不通的话（或文字）；胡扯
I was so nervous, I just started talking gibberish.   我太紧张了，开始语无伦次起来。



★☆☆   gibbet
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a wooden structure from which criminals were hung, in the past, as a form of execution (= killing as a punishment) 
  （旧时的）绞刑架    Compare gallows



★☆☆   gibbon
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small ape with long arms which lives in trees in the forests of S Asia    长臂猿



★☆☆   gibe
—————————————————
noun countable verb intransitive 
■jibe 



★☆☆   giblets
—————————————————
plural noun 
■the inside parts and neck of a bird, which are usually removed before it is cooked, but are often used to flavour sauces, etc. 
  （可食用家禽的）内脏，杂碎



★☆☆   Gibraltar
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Gibraltar    直布罗陀



★☆☆   Gibraltarian
—————————————————
UK noun countable adjective 
■Gibraltarian    直布罗陀人／直布罗陀的



★☆☆   giddy
—————————————————
adjective 
■dizzy 



★☆☆   gift
—————————————————
noun 
PRESENT  礼物  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a present or something which is given    礼物；赠品
a birthday/wedding gift   生日／结婚礼物
The guests all arrived bearing (= bringing) gifts.   客人们都带着礼物到了。
countable usually singular informal 
■something which is surprisingly easy or cheap    极容易完成的事；极便宜的东西
That goal was a gift!   那入球不费吹灰之力！
£100 for a good leather coat? It's a gift!   100英镑就买了一件好皮衣？真是便宜！noun 
ABILITY  能力  
countable usually singular 
■a special ability to do something    天赋；才能
He has a gift for languages.   他有语言天赋。noun 
a gift from the gods 
■an especially good or lucky thing or person that comes to you    天赐之物（或人）；走运的机会；天上掉下的馅饼noun 
the gift of the gab UK (US the gift of gab) informal 
■the ability to speak easily and confidently in a way that makes people want to listen to you and believe you    能言善道；口才；辩才
She's got the gift of the gab - she should work in sales and marketing.   她能言善道——她应该去做销售和市场行销的工作。



★☆☆   gift box 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a decorative box for putting a present in    放礼品的带装饰的盒子



★☆☆   gifted
—————————————————
adjective 
■having special ability in a particular subject or activity    有天才的，有天赋的
a gifted dancer/musician   天才舞蹈员／音乐家
■clever, or having a special ability    聪慧的；有特长的
Schools often fail to cater for the needs of gifted children.   学校常常不能满足资优学生的发展要求。



★☆☆   gift shop 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a shop which sells goods which are suitable for giving as presents    礼品店



★☆☆   gift token/voucher
—————————————————
 UK (US gift certificate) 
noun countable 
■a card or piece of paper which can be exchanged in a shop for goods of the value that is printed on it    购物卡；购物礼券



★☆☆   gift-wrapped
—————————————————
adjective 
■A present which is gift-wrapped has been put in decorative paper ready for giving. 
  （礼物）包装好的，用花纸缎带装饰的



★☆☆   gig
—————————————————
noun countable 
PERFORMANCE  表演     informal 
■a single performance by a musician or group of musicians, especially playing modern or pop music 
  （尤指演奏现代或流行乐的）演奏会
This week the band did the last gig of their world-tour.   这个乐队本周举行了他们是次世界巡演的最后一场演奏会。noun countable 
CARRIAGE  马车  
■a light two-wheeled carriage pulled by one horse, used especially in the past 
  （尤指旧时的）双轮小马车verb intransitive (-gg-)
■(of a musician or group of musicians) to perform gigs    演奏会
Gigging around the London clubs helped the band develop their own sound.   在伦敦各个夜总会表演，有助这个乐队形成自己的音乐风格。



★☆☆   giga-
—————————————————
prefix 
■used to form words with the meaning 1 000 000 000    吉（咖），千兆，十亿
gigavolt   千兆伏特
gigahertz   千兆赫兹
gigawatt   千兆瓦特



★☆☆   gigabyte
—————————————————
 specialized 
noun countable 
■a unit of computer information, consisting of 1024 megabytes    十亿位元元组，吉位元组



★☆☆   gigantic
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■extremely large    巨大的，庞大的
a gigantic statue   巨大的雕塑
The cost has been gigantic.   费用非常庞大。



★☆☆   giggle
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
 ADVANCED  
■to laugh repeatedly in a quiet but uncontrolled way, often at something silly or rude or when you are nervous 
  （因为感到有趣、窘迫或紧张而）咯咯地笑，傻笑
Stop that giggling at the back!   别在后面傻笑！noun 
LAUGHTER  笑  
countable 
■a nervous or silly laugh 
  （紧张的）咯咯笑；傻笑
There were a few nervous giggles from people in the audience.   观众中有人发出几声紧张的笑声。
I caught Roz having a giggle over some of Janet's awful poetry.   罗兹读着珍妮特糟糕的诗篇咯咯地笑出声来，正好被我听到。
the giggles    [plural] informal 
■when you can't stop giggling    止不住的咯咯笑
I often used to get/have the giggles in lectures when I was at college.   上大学时，我经常在课堂上咯咯傻笑个不停。noun 
FUNNY SITUATION  有趣的情况  
only singular UK informal 
■something which is funny, often when it involves laughing at someone else    趣事；玩笑
Just for a giggle, we hid his trousers while he was in the water.   他在水里的时候，我们把他的裤子藏了起来，这纯粹为了好玩。



★☆☆   giggler
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who often giggles    常咯咯笑的人；常傻笑的人



★☆☆   giggly
—————————————————
 [-li] mainly disapproving 
adjective 
■giggling a lot    咯咯笑个不停的；动辄傻笑的
a load of giggly school-kids   一群咯咯笑个不停的小学生



★☆☆   gigolo
—————————————————
UK  US (plural gigolos)    old-fashioned 
noun countable 
■a man who is paid by a woman to be her lover and companion    男妓；小白脸；舞男



★☆☆   gild
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to cover a surface with a thin layer of gold or a substance that looks like gold    给…镀金；给…涂上金色
■literary 
■to cover the surface of something with bright gold light 
  （光）把…染成金色
Sunlight gilded the children's faces.   孩子们的脸庞在阳光下闪闪生辉。verb transitive 
gild the lily disapproving 
■to improve or decorate something which is already perfect and therefore spoil it    画蛇添足；多此一举
Should I add a scarf to this jacket or would it be gilding the lily?   穿上这件外套，我再配条围巾好吗？不会显得画蛇添足吧？



★☆☆   gilded
—————————————————
adjective 
[before noun] 
■covered with a thin layer of gold or a substance that looks like gold; gilt    镀金的；有金色涂层的；涂成金色的
The gilded dome of the cathedral rises above the city.   大教堂的金色穹顶高耸于城市上空。
■literary 
■rich or of a higher social class    富有的；上流社会的，上层阶级的
The story revolves around the gilded youth of the 1920s and their glittering lifestyles.   故事围绕一群20世纪20年代的上流社会公子哥儿，及其奢华靡丽的生活方式。



★☆☆   gill 
—————————————————
noun 
FISH  鱼     /g&#x26A;l] countable usually plural 
■the organ through which fish and other water creatures breathe 
  （鱼等水生动物的）鳃noun 
MEASUREMENT  度量衡     /d&#x292;&#x26A;l] countable 
■a measure of liquid that is equal to 0.142 litres or a quarter of a pint    基尔（液量单位，等于0.142升或1／4品脱）noun 
be green about the gills humorous 
■to look ill and pale    脸露病容；脸色苍白
Matt was out drinking last night and he's a bit green about the gills this morning!   马特昨晚在外面喝酒作乐，直到今天上午脸还有点发青！noun 
to the gills informal 
■used in expressions to mean completely full    满了；饱了；满满当当
By the time the fourth course was served, I was stuffed to the gills.   第四道菜上来的时候，我都已经饱极了。
The restaurant was packed to the gills.   这家饭店已经满座。



★☆☆   gilt
—————————————————
adjective 
■covered with a thin layer of gold or a substance which is intended to look like it    镀金的；涂金的
a gilt picture frame   镀金画框
It's not solid gold - it's just gilt.   这不是真金——只是镀金。noun 
SURFACE  表面  
uncountable 
■when a very thin layer of gold, silver or a similar substance, is used to cover the surface of something    镀金；镀银；镀金材料；镀银材料
a silver gilt crucifix   镀银耶稣受难像
gilt lettering   烫金字noun 
MONEY  金钱  
gilts [plural]    (also gilt-edged securities) UK specialized 
■a type of investment offered by the government which pays a fixed rate of interest and is considered low-risk    金边证券；绩优证券noun 
 take the gilt off the gingerbread UK literary 
■to spoil something that is in every other way enjoyable    使某事物失去吸引力
We had a great trip, but our flight home was badly delayed, which took the gilt off the gingerbread.   我们的旅行很愉快，但返航的班机严重延误，令人扫兴。



★☆☆   gimcrack
—————————————————
 disapproving 
adjective 
■attractive on the surface but badly made and of no real or permanent value    华而不实的；劣质的；粗制滥造的



★☆☆   gimlet
—————————————————
noun countable 
TOOL  工具  
■a small tool used for making holes in wood    手钻；木钻；螺丝锥noun countable 
DRINK  酒     US 
■a drink made with gin or vodka and lime juice 
  （杜松子酒或伏特加及酸橙汁调配的）鸡尾酒的一种noun countable 
have gimlet eyes (also be gimlet-eyed) literary 
■to look at things very carefully and not miss anything    目光敏锐；洞察一切



★☆☆   gimme
—————————————————
short form    not standard 
■give me    给我
Gimme that pen back!   把那支笔还给我！noun countable usually singular US slang 
■something which is extremely easy to do    极容易做的事
That first test question was a gimme, for sure.   第一条试题非常容易，真的。



★☆☆   gimmick
—————————————————
 mainly disapproving 
noun countable 
■something which is not serious or of real value that is used to attract people's attention or interest temporarily, especially to make them buy something 
  （尤指为诱人购买而搞的）花招，把戏；（诱人购买的）华而不实的东西，金玉其外的东西
a publicity gimmick   广告宣传花招
They give away free gifts with children's meals as a sales/marketing gimmick.   他们给儿童套餐搭配免费礼品作为促销／ 行销伎俩。



★☆☆   gimmickry
—————————————————
 mainly disapproving 
noun uncountable 
■when gimmicks are used, especially in order to make a product or activity more successful 
  （尤指旨在使产品畅销或活动有吸引力的）耍推销花招，玩弄销售伎俩



★☆☆   gin
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a colourless strong alcoholic drink flavoured with juniper berries (= small fruits)    杜松子酒
a bottle of gin   一瓶杜松子酒
gin and tonic   加奎宁水的杜松子酒



★☆☆   ginger
—————————————————
UK adjective noun uncountable 
SPICE  调味品  
■(containing) the spicy root of a tropical plant which is used in cooking or eaten preserved in sugar    姜，生姜
ground (= powdered) ginger   姜粉
crystallized ginger   蜜饯生姜
ginger biscuits / cake   姜味饼干／饼UK adjective noun uncountable 
COLOUR  颜色  
■(having) a red or orange-brown colour    姜黄色的，赤黄色的
His nickname was Ginger because of his ginger hair.   他的外号叫生姜，因为他的头发是姜黄色的。
a ginger cat   姜黄色的猫UK noun] ˈgɪŋ.ə] US PERSON  人  
only singular 
■UK offensivea person who has red or orange-brown hair    长着姜黄色头发的人
[as form of address] Hey, ginger, what are you doing?   哎，黄毛，你在做甚么？UK noun] ˈgɪŋ.ə] US DRINK  饮品     UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] ginger sth up 
■to make something more exciting, interesting or active    使兴奋；使有趣味；使活跃
They've gingered up the book cover with a new design, but the contents are the same.   他们为这书重新设计了一个很有吸引力的封面，但是书中的内容保持原样。




★☆☆   ginger ale
—————————————————
(UK also ginger) (UK dry ginger) 
noun countable or uncountable 
■a fizzy (= with bubbles) drink containing ginger, which is sometimes mixed with an alcoholic drink    姜味汽水



★☆☆   ginger beer 
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a British fizzy (= with bubbles) drink containing ginger and a small amount of alcohol    姜汁啤酒



★☆☆   gingerbread
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a type of cake, usually very dark brown and soft, which contains ginger 
  （通常指深褐色松软的）姜饼



★☆☆   gingerbread man 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a hard ginger biscuit shaped like a person    人形姜饼



★☆☆   ginger group
—————————————————
 UK 
noun countable 
■a group of people, especially within a political party, who try to encourage other people to follow a new, more interesting, or more active way of doing things 
  （政党或其他组织中的）活跃分子集团；积极派（他们试图鼓励其他人追随一种新的、更有趣味的或更积极的做事方式）



★☆☆   gingerly
—————————————————
UK adverb 
■in a way that is careful or cautious    谨慎地；小心翼翼地；轻手轻脚地
Holding her painful back, she sat down gingerly on the bench.   她用手按着疼痛的背部，小心翼翼地坐在长椅上。



★☆☆   ginger nut/biscuit
—————————————————
 UK (US and UK ginger snap) 
noun countable 
■a type of hard biscuit with a ginger flavour    姜味饼干



★☆☆   ginger wine 
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a strong alcoholic drink made with ginger    姜酒



★☆☆   gingham
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a cotton cloth which has a pattern of coloured squares on a white surface    格子棉布，条格棉布
a gingham dress/tablecloth   方格棉布连衣裙／桌布



★☆☆   gingivitis
—————————————————
UK US  specialized 
noun uncountable 
■an infection of the gums (= the part of the mouth from which the teeth grow) which causes swelling, pain, and sometimes bleeding    牙龈炎



★☆☆   ginormous
—————————————————
UK US  UK informal 
adjective 
■extremely large    特大的，极大的
Even little Billie ate his way through a ginormous ice-cream sundae.   就连小比利也吃了一大份圣代霜淇淋。



★☆☆   gin rummy 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a card game which is a type of rummy    金罗美纸牌游戏



★☆☆   ginseng
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the root of a tropical plant, especially from China, used as a medicine and to improve health 
  （尤指中国产的）人参



★☆☆   gippy tummy
—————————————————
 UK informal 
noun countable or uncountable 
■when you suffer from stomach pains and diarrhoea , especially while on holiday    热带腹泻（尤指渡假的时候，遭遇胃痛和腹泻）
It's a shame - he had (a) gippy tummy most of the time he was on holiday.   真可惜——假期的大部分时间他都在拉肚子。



★☆☆   gipsy
—————————————————
 mainly UK 
noun countable 
■a gypsy 



★☆☆   giraffe
—————————————————
UK US  (plural giraffes or giraffe)
noun countable     ADVANCED  
■a large African animal with a very long neck and long legs    长颈鹿



★☆☆   gird
—————————————————
UK US  (girded or girt, girded or girt)    old use 
verb transitive 
■to tie something around your body or part of your body    将…围在身上；将…缠在身上；（用某物）束…
[R] The knights girded them selves for battle (= put on their swords and fighting clothes).   骑士们披甲佩剑准备战斗。UK US  (girded or girt, girded or girt)    old use 
verb transitive 
gird your self (also gird (up) your loins) literary or humorous 
■to get ready to do something or deal with something    准备（做某事）
We girded ourselves for the fray (= prepared for action or trouble).   我们准备好了，随时可以行动。
Europe's finest golfers are girding their loins for the challenge of the Ryder Cup.   欧洲顶尖的高尔夫球手正在准备迎接莱德杯高尔夫球赛的挑战。



★☆☆   girder
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a long thick piece of steel or concrete, etc. which supports a roof, floor, bridge or other large structure    大梁，纵梁
steel roof girders   钢制屋梁



★☆☆   girdle
—————————————————
UK noun 
countable old-fashioned 
■a piece of underwear for women worn around the waist and bottom that stretches to shape the body    紧身褡
countable old use 
■a long strip of cloth worn tied around the waist    腰带
countable usually singular literary 
■something which surrounds another thing    环绕物UK verb transitive literary 
■to surround something    环绕…
a garden girdled by oak trees   橡树环绕的花园



★☆☆   girl
—————————————————
UK noun 
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a female child or young woman, especially one still at school 
  （尤指学龄阶段的）女孩，姑娘
Two girls showed us round the classrooms.   两个女孩领着我们参观了课室。
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a daughter    女儿
We have two girls.   我们有两个女儿。
My little girl is five.   我小女儿五岁了。
countable usually plural 
■a woman worker, especially when seen as one of a group 
  （尤指被视作团队一员的）女职员，女工
shop/office girls   女店员／女职员
the girls [plural] 
■a group of female friends    女伴们，女友们
I'm going out with the girls tonight.   今晚我要和女友们到外面去玩。
The girls at work gave it to me.   这是女同事们给我的。UK noun 
a big / great girl's blouse UK informal humorous 
■a weak and cowardly (= not brave) man    软弱、怯懦的男子
He's just a big girl's blouse.   他就是一个懦夫（或娘娘腔的）。



★☆☆   girl Friday
—————————————————
 old-fashioned 
noun countable 
■a female helper or office worker who is willing to do various different types of work    得力的女助手；忠实的女下属



★☆☆   girlfriend
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a woman or girl who a person is having a romantic or sexual relationship with    女朋友，女情人
I've never met his girlfriend.   我从没见过他的女友。    Compare boyfriend 
■the female friend of a woman 
  （男子的）女朋友，女情人；（女子的）同性朋友，女友，女伴
Susan was going out to lunch with her girlfriends.   苏珊要和她的女伴们一起出去吃午饭。



★☆☆   Girl Guide
—————————————————
 UK old-fashioned 
noun countable 
■a member of the Guides organization    女童子军成员



★☆☆   girlhood
—————————————————
UK US  old-fashioned 
noun countable or uncountable 
■the period when a person is a girl, and not yet a woman, or the state of being a girl    少女时期，少女时代
She lived in India during her girlhood.   她在印度渡过了少女时代。
⇨ See also boyhood;childhood



★☆☆   girlie
—————————————————
(also girly) UK adjective 
girlie magazine/picture/etc. 
■a magazine/etc. which shows women wearing few or no clothes    刊载女子裸体（或半裸体）照片的杂志／女子裸体（或半裸体）的照片等
■informal 
■typically feminine in character, or suitable for girls rather than boys    女孩子的；适合少女的
My sister has always been a very girlie girl, not like me.   我姐姐一贯很淑女，跟我不一样。
We had a real girlie chat.   我们一起聊了很多女孩子们感兴趣的话题。
We do lots of girlie things together.   我们常在一起做些女生们喜欢做的事情。
disapproving Sometimes she speaks in this silly, girly voice.   有时候她用这种傻乎乎的小女孩腔调说话。



★☆☆   girlie swot 
—————————————————
noun countable informal disapproving 
■someone who always does their homework or prepares for something    书呆子
I was always a bit of a girlie swot at school.   我上学的时候几乎就是一个书呆子。



★☆☆   girlish
—————————————————
UK  US  usually approving 
adjective 
■describes behaviour or characteristics that are typical of a girl    女孩子的，少女的；像女孩子的；适于女孩子的
a girlish laugh   少女般的笑声
His eyelashes were long and girlish.   他的眼睫毛很长，就像女孩子的睫毛一样。



★☆☆   girl power 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the idea that women and girls should be confident, make decisions and achieve things independently of men, or the social and political movement that is based on this idea    女性自主思想；女性自主运动



★☆☆   Girl Scout
—————————————————
 US 
noun countable 
■a girl or young woman who belongs to an organization similar to the Guides and Scouts    女童子军成员



★☆☆   giro
—————————————————
UK noun 
uncountable 
■a system used between European banks and similar organizations, in which money can be moved from one account to another by a central computer 
  （欧洲各银行和类似机构之间的）电脑直接转帐系统
The money was transferred by giro.   款项是透过银行电脑直接转帐系统汇过去的。
countable UK 
■a cheque which provides money from the government, through the giro, to someone unemployed, ill, or with very little income 
  （政府支付给失业、生病或低收入者的）直接转帐救济支票
a giro cheque   直接转帐救济支票
She didn't know how she would manage until (she got) her next giro.   她不知道在她领到下一张直接转帐救济支票前，日子该怎样过。



★☆☆   girth
—————————————————
UK noun 
MEASUREMENT  测量  
countable or uncountable 
■the distance around the outside of a thick or fat object, like a tree or a body    围长；干围；腰围
The oak was 2 metres in girth.   这棵橡树干围长两米。
humorous His ample girth was evidence of his love of good food.   他那粗大的腰身显示他极其贪吃。UK noun 
HORSE EQUIPMENT  马具  
countable 
■the strap which goes around the middle of a horse to keep the saddle (= rider's seat) or the load in the right position 
  （固定马鞍或鞍上货物的）肚带
Loosen the girth a little.   把马的肚带松一松。



★☆☆   gismo
—————————————————
UK  US (plural gismos)
noun countable    another spelling of 
■gizmo    gizmo 的另一种拼法



★☆☆   git
—————————————————
 UK informal 
noun countable 
■a person, especially a man, who is stupid or unpleasant    蠢蛋，饭桶，讨厌鬼（尤指男性）
You stupid/lying git!   你这个蠢蛋／骗子！
He's a miserable old git.   他是个卑鄙的老混蛋。



★☆☆   gite
—————————————————
 UK 
noun countable 
■a holiday house for renting in France 
  （法国供出租的）渡假别墅



★☆☆   give
—————————————————
verb (gave, given)
PROVIDE  提供  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to offer something to someone, or to provide them with it    送给；提供；赠与；给予
[+ two objects] She gave us a set of saucepans as a wedding present.   她送我的结婚礼物是一套深平底锅。
Can you give me a date for another appointment?   我能再和您约时间见面吗？
They never gave me a chance/choice.   他们从来就没给过我机会／选择余地。
Has the director given you permission to do that?   主任允许你那样做吗？
[+ adv/prep] We always try to give to charity.   我们总是尽量向慈善机构捐款捐物。
We're collecting for the children's home - please give generously.   我们是为儿童福利机构募捐——请慷慨解囊。
The police gave (out) road-safety booklets to the children (= gave them to all the children).   警方向孩子们分发道路交通安全的宣传册子。
Please give (up) your seat to an elderly or disabled person if they require it.   如果老人或残疾人士需要你让座，请配合。
 ADVANCED  transitive 
■to pay someone a particular amount    支付；付（款）
I gave £40 for this pump and it's broken already!   这个打气筒花了我40英镑，可它现在就坏了！
give of your money/time, etc.    formal 
■to give your money, time or best efforts, especially in a way that seems generous 
  （尤指慷慨地）献出金钱／投入时间／付出最大努力
We're very grateful to all the people who have given of their time.   我们非常感谢所有付出了宝贵时间的人。
UK She wasn't feeling well, so I don't think she gave of her best tonight.   她不太舒服，所以我认为她今晚没有发挥出最佳水准。
give (sth) your all (US also give (sth) your best) old-fashioned 
■to put a lot of effort into doing something    全力以赴（做某事）；不遗余力（做某事）
We must be finished by tonight, so I want you to give it your all.   我们今晚一定要做完，所以我希望你们会全力以赴。
transitive 
■to tell someone something    告诉；说出；说明
The winner's name was given (out) /They gave the winner's name (out) on the news.   获胜者的名字在新闻报导中公布了／新闻报导公布了获胜者的名字。
[+ two objects] Can you give Jo a message for me?   你能替我给乔传个口信吗？
transitive 
■to punish someone by making them go to prison for a particular period    判处（某人监禁）
[+ two objects] If you're found guilty, they'll give you three years.   如果你被裁定有罪，他们会判你三年监禁。
transitive 
■to allow a person or activity a particular amount of time    给…限定期限；限定，规定（时间）
[+ two objects] I'm nearly ready - just give me a couple of minutes.   我快准备好了——再给我两三分钟就可以。
transitive informal 
■to calculate that something will last a particular amount of time    估计将持续（…时间）
[+ two objects] Look at that old car she's bought - I give it two weeks before it breaks down.   看看她买的那辆老爷车吧——我估计两星期就要坏了。
  Common Learner Errors   give   Warning: when talking about giving a physical object, the indirect object can go before or after the direct object.   He gave the flowers to his mother.   He gave his mother the flowers.   When the indirect object comes before the direct object, don't say 'give to someone something', just say give someone something :
✗ He gave to his mother the flowers.   Remember: when the object of give is something that you cannot touch, such as advice or an opinion or feeling, the indirect object must come before the direct object.   Don't say 'give advice/your opinion/a shock to someone', say give someone advice/your opinion/a shock :
✗ What he said gave an idea to me.   What he said gave me an idea.verb (gave, given)
CAUSE  引起  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to produce or cause something    生产，产生；引起
[+ two objects] The fresh air gave us an appetite (= made us hungry).   新鲜的空气令我们胃口大开。
What you said has given me an idea.   你的话使我产生了一个想法。
The alarm gave (out) a high-pitched sound.   警报器发出一声尖厉的声响。
give sb to understand sth formal 
■to tell someone something or cause them to think that something is true    使（某人）知道（某事）；使（某人）相信（…确有其事）
I was given to understand she was staying at this hotel.   别人告诉我她住在这家饭店。verb (gave, given)
DO  做  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to perform an action    做（动作）
[+ two objects] She gave me a smile/strange look.   她向我微笑了一下／用奇怪的眼神看了我一眼。
They had to give the car a push to start it.   他们只好推着汽车来发动它。
Give me a call/ring (= telephone me) when you get back from holiday.   你渡假回来后给我打个电话。
Who is giving the speech/lecture/concert?   谁要讲演／作报告／举行音乐会？
 ADVANCED  transitive 
■to organize a party, meal, etc    举办，举行
They're always giving parties.   他们老是举办聚会。
The ambassador is giving a banquet for the visiting president.   大使将举办宴会欢迎来访的总统。
give sth a go 
■to attempt something    尝试，试做
Only a few people are successful as sports professionals, but it's worth giving it a go.   只有极少数职业运动员能取得成功，但却很值得去尝试一下。
transitive + two objects formal 
■to state publicly that everyone present at a formal occasion, especially a meal, should drink a toast to someone (= have a drink in honour of someone) 
  （尤指在正式宴会上）提议为（某人）干杯
Gentlemen, I give you the Queen!   先生们，为女王干杯！verb (gave, given)
STRETCH  伸长  
intransitive 
■If something gives, it stretches, bends or breaks, or becomes less firm or tight, under pressure 
  （在压力下）伸长，弯曲，断裂，变松
The rope gave under/with the weight of the load.   装载的东西太重，绳子断了。
The shoes will give a little after you've worn them once or twice.   鞋穿过一两次后就不那么紧了。
figurative You can't work so hard all the time - something will have to give (= change).   你不能总是不分昼夜地拼命工作——会出事的。
figurative Suddenly her patience gave (out) and she shouted crossly at the children.   她突然失去了耐心，向孩子们怒吼起来。verb (gave, given)
DECIDE  决定  
[T + obj + adj] UK 
■in some sports, to decide and state officially that a player or the ball is in a particular condition or place    裁定，判（球员或球所处的位置）
The umpire gave the batsman out.   裁判员判打击手出局。
The ball was clearly out, but the line judge gave it in.   球明显出界，但是边裁却判定是界内球。verb (gave, given)
Don't give me that! informal 
■don't expect me to believe that, because I know it is untrue 
  （表示不相信）别跟我来这一套！别以为我会相信你！
"But I was going to let you have it tomorrow." "Don't give me that!"   “但我本来打算明天把它给你的。”“别跟我来这一套！”verb (gave, given)
 give as good as you get 
■to be strong and confident enough to treat people in the same way that they treat you, especially in an argument or a fight 
  （尤指在争论或打斗中）针锋相对，以眼还眼，以牙还牙
There's a lot of teasing and fighting among the crew, and you have to be able to give as good as you get.   船员们会经常互相挑衅打斗，你一定要以牙还牙。verb (gave, given)
give or take 
■possibly a little more or less than the amount or time mentioned    相差不到…，出入至多…
It'll be ready at six, give or take a few minutes.   六点就会准备好，顶多相差几分钟。
It cost £200, give or take.   它的价格为200英镑，出入不会太大。verb (gave, given)
Give me... any day/every time! informal 
■used to say that you always like or prefer a particular thing    我宁愿要…！我更喜欢…！我宁可选择…！
This new stuff is all very well, but give me the old-style weather forecast any day!   这种新玩意倒也不错，但是我还是更喜欢以前的天气预报方式。verb (gave, given)
give way  ADVANCED  UK 
■to allow other vehicles to go past before you move onto a road    让（其他车辆）先行
You have to give way to traffic coming from the right.   你要让右边驶来的车辆先行。
 ADVANCED  
■to break, especially when under pressure from strong forces 
  （尤指在很大的压力下）坍塌，垮掉
Because of an unusually strong current, the bridge's central support gave way, tipping a coach into the river.   因为遭遇罕见的湍急洪流的冲击，桥中心的支座坍塌，一辆长途客车被掀进了河里。
■to stop arguing or fighting against someone or something    让步；屈服
Neither of them will give way, so they could be arguing for a very long time.   他们两个谁也不会让步，所以他们会吵好长时间。
Don't give way to your fears.   不要怕。verb (gave, given)
give sb what for old-fashioned informal 
■to tell off someone whose behaviour you strongly disapprove of    严厉斥责（某人）verb (gave, given)
given the chance/choice (also given half a chance) 
■if I were allowed to, or if I could choose    要是允许我这样做的话；要是让我选择的话
Given the chance, I'd spend all day reading.   要是让我选，我会把一整天时间都用来读书。verb (gave, given)
what I wouldn't give for sth (also what wouldn't I give for sth) 
■used to say that you want something very much    很想得到；渴望得到
What I wouldn't give for a cold drink!   我多想来杯冷饮啊！verb (gave, given)
 I would give anything/a lot (also I would give my eye teeth/right arm) 
■used to say that you would like to have or to do something very much    愿意付出一切（得到某物或做某事）
I'd give anything to see the Taj Mahal.   谁要是能助我去参观泰姬陵，他要甚么我都愿意给。
■2. Janice would give her eye teeth for a house like that.


give 1	 要是能得到那样一间屋，贾尼丝甚么都愿意做。verb (gave, given)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] give sth away 
FREE  
 IMPROVER  
■to give something to someone without asking for payment    赠送；捐赠；免费派发
The shop is giving away a sample pack to every customer.   商店给每位顾客赠送一个样本礼物包。
Nobody wants this type of heater anymore - I can't even give it away!   这种加热器没人再愿意要了——我连送也送不出去！
⇨ See also giveaway
SECRET  
 ADVANCED  
■to tell people something secret, often without intending to    泄露，暴露（秘密）
The party was meant to be a surprise, but Sharon gave it away.   办这个派对本来是要给大家一个惊喜，可是雪伦泄漏了秘密。
I won't give the game (= the information or plan) away.   我不会泄密的。verb (gave, given)
  Phrasal Verbs   give sb away 
SHOW  
■to show someone's secret feelings    显露（某人）的感情；暴露（某人）的内心世界
She thinks no one knows how much she likes him, but her face when I said he'd be there really gave her away!   她以为没有人知道她多么喜欢他，但当我说他要去那里时，她的表情把她的内心情感表露无遗！
MARRIAGE     [M] formal 
■in a marriage ceremony, to formally bring a woman who is getting married to the front of the church so that she is standing at the side of her future husband, and then to give permission for her to marry 
  （在婚礼上）将（新娘）交给（新郎）
The bride was given away by her father.   新娘的父亲把她交给了新郎。verb (gave, given)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] give sth back  ESSENTIAL  
■to return something to the person who gave it to you    还；归还
Has she given you those books back yet?   她把那些书还给你了吗？verb (gave, given)
  Phrasal Verbs   give in 
AGREE  
 IMPROVER  
■to finally agree to what someone wants, after refusing for a period of time 
  （先是拒绝，后来）勉强同意，让步
He nagged me so much for a new bike that eventually I gave in.   他没完没了地缠着我要一辆新脚踏车，我最后只好答应了。
The government cannot be seen to give in to terrorists' demands.   政府是不会让步答应恐怖分子的要求。
ADMIT DEFEAT  
 ADVANCED  
■to accept that you have been defeated and agree to stop competing or fighting    投降；屈服；认输
You'll never guess the answer - do you give in?   你永远也猜不到答案的——你认输吗？
She wouldn't give in until she received a full apology.   她得不到正式道歉是不会罢休的。verb (gave, given)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] give sth in UK  ADVANCED  
■to give a piece of written work or a document to someone for them to read, judge or deal with    交上；呈交
Have you given that essay in yet?   你把那篇论文交上去了吗？verb (gave, given)
  Phrasal Verbs   give sth off 
■to produce heat, light, a smell or a gas    发出，放出（热、光、气味或气体）
That tiny radiator doesn't give off much heat.   那个小散热器散发不出太多热量。verb (gave, given)
  Phrasal Verbs   give onto sth slightly formal 
■to open in the direction of something    面向，朝向；通向
The patio doors give onto a small courtyard.   露台的门通向一个小院子。verb (gave, given)
  Phrasal Verbs   give out 
■If a machine or part of your body gives out, it stops working    出毛病；停止运作
At the end of the race his legs gave out and he collapsed on the ground.   到比赛终点时，他腿一软就倒在地上。verb (gave, given)
  Phrasal Verbs   give over UK old-fashioned informal 
■to stop doing something, usually something annoying    停止做，别再做（通常指令人不快的事情）
Oh (do) give over (= stop complaining) , it's not my fault!   哎呀，别再抱怨了，又不是我的错！
[+ -ing verb] It's time you gave over pretending you were still a teenager.   别再假装自己还是个十几岁的孩子。
Give over! UK old-fashioned informal 
■used to show that you do not believe what has been said to you    算了吧；我才不信呢（表示对某人所说的话不相信）
They've doubled your salary? Give over!   他们付了你双倍薪水？我才不信呢！verb (gave, given)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] give sth over to sth/sb 
■to give another person the use of something, or the responsibility for something or someone    把…给（某人）使用；将…交托给…
We've given the attic over to the children.   我们已经把阁楼让给孩子们了。verb (gave, given)
  Phrasal Verbs   [R] give yourself over/up to sth 
■to spend all your time and energy doing or feeling something    致力于；沉溺于；放任自己（做某事）
After her death he gave himself over to grief.   她去世后，他沉溺在悲痛中不能自拔。verb (gave, given)
  Phrasal Verbs   give up  ADVANCED  
■to stop trying to guess    放弃猜测；认输
You'll never guess the answer - do you give up?   你永远也猜不到答案的——你认输吗？
I give up - how many were there?   我猜不出来了——到底有多少？verb (gave, given)
  Phrasal Verbs   give up sth 
■to stop owning and using something    放弃（某物的所有权或使用权）；交出；让出
They were forced to give up their home because they couldn't pay the mortgage.   他们因为还不起按揭贷款被迫交出房子。
give up hope 
■to stop hoping that a particular thing will happen    不再抱有希望；放弃希望
We still haven't given up hope of finding her alive.   我们还没有放弃她生还的希望。verb (gave, given)
  Phrasal Verbs   give up (sth)  ADVANCED  
■to stop doing something before you have finished it, usually because it is too difficult 
  （通常因为太难而）终止，放弃
[+ -ing verb] I've given up trying to help her.   我已经放弃努力，不想再帮她了。verb (gave, given)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] give (sth) up  ADVANCED  
■If you give up a habit, such as smoking, or something such as alcohol, you stop doing it or using it    戒除
[+ -ing verb] I gave up smoking two years ago.   我两年前戒烟。
Don't offer him a cigarette, he's trying to give up.   不要给他烟，他正在努力戒烟。verb (gave, given)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] give sth up 
 IMPROVER  
■to stop doing a regular activity or job    放弃，停止；辞去
[+ -ing verb] He's given up driving since his illness.   他自从生病后就不再驾驶了。
We're going to give up our sports club membership after this year.   过了今年，我们就要放弃运动俱乐部的会员资格了。
give it up for sb 
■used to ask people to clap their hands to show their enjoyment or approval of a performance    请为（某人的表演）鼓掌
Ladies and gentlemen, will you give it up for Danny Jones.   先生女士，请以热烈的掌声感谢丹尼‧钟斯的精彩表演。verb (gave, given)
  Phrasal Verbs   give sb up 
END FRIENDSHIP  
[M] 
■to stop having a friendship with someone    与（某人）绝交；不再与（某人）交往
She seems to have given up all her old friends.   她好像和所有老朋友都断绝了来往。
NOT EXPECT     (also give up on sb) 
■to stop expecting that someone will arrive    不再期望（某人）到来
I've been waiting half-an-hour - I'd almost given you up.   我已经等了半小时——我差点以为你不来了。
give sb up for dead (also give up on sb) 
■to think that someone is certain to die or to be dead    对（某人）的生还不再抱有希望；认为（某人）将（或已经）死亡
The hospital had virtually given her up for dead, but she eventually recovered.   医院差不多已经认定她救不活，可她最终康复了。
After a three-day search on the mountain, they gave him up for dead.   在山中搜寻了三天后，他们认为他不可能再有生还希望，便停止了搜救。verb (gave, given)
  Phrasal Verbs   [R] give yourself up 
■to allow the police or an enemy to take you as a prisoner    投案，自首；投降
The gunman gave himself up to the police.   持枪歹徒向员警投降。
⇨ See also give over/up tonoun uncountable 
■when something stretches, bends or breaks, or becomes less firm or tight, under pressure 
  （在压力下）伸长，弯曲，断裂，变松
A sweater knitted in pure cotton hasn't much give (= will not stretch much).   纯棉编织衣的弹性不大。



★☆☆   give-and-take
—————————————————
noun 
uncountable 
■willingness to accept suggestions from another person and give up some of your own    互相忍让；互相让步；双方迁就
In every friendship there has to be some give-and-take.   任何一份友谊都需要双方互相忍让。
only singular US 
■an exchange of ideas or statements    思想交流；交谈
The candidates engaged in a lively give-and-take, witnessed by a huge television audience.   几位候选人在广大电视观众面前你来我往，针锋相对，展开了一场激烈的辩论。



★☆☆   giveaway
—————————————————
 (give-away) 
noun countable 
FREE  免费  
■something that is given free to a customer 
  （给顾客的）赠品 (give-away) 
noun countable 
SHOW  表现     informal 
■something that tells or shows something secret, often without intending to    显露（某人）的感情；暴露（某人）的内心世界
He said he'd given up smoking, but the empty packets in the bin were a dead give-away (= clearly showed the secret truth).   他说他已经戒烟了，但是垃圾桶里的空烟盒让他彻底露了马脚。 (give-away) 
adjective [before noun] 
■describes a price that is very low 
  （价格）低廉的
The furniture shop's offering three-piece suites at giveaway prices.   家俱店正以极低的价格出售一组三件套装家俱。



★☆☆   given
—————————————————
verb    past participle of 
■give preposition 
■knowing about or considering a particular thing    考虑到；鉴于
Given his age, he's a remarkably fast runner.   考虑到他的年龄，他可称得上是个很出众的赛跑运动员了。
Given (the fact) that he's had six months to do this, he hasn't made much progress.   鉴于他有六个月时间去完成该工作，所以现在依然进展不大。adjective 
ARRANGED  安排好的  
■already decided, arranged or agreed    规定的；特定的；已经安排好的；已认可的
At the given signal, the group rushed forward to the barrier.   预定信号一发出，人群便向关卡冲去。
The bomb could go off at any given (= any) time and in any given (= any) place.   炸弹随时随地都可能爆炸。adjective 
HAVE HABIT  有习惯  
be given to sth 
■to do something regularly or as a habit    经常做；习惯于
She was given to staying in bed till lunchtime.   她常常在床上呆到吃午餐时才起来。noun countable 
■something which is certain to happen 
  （定当发生的）假设事实，假定事实
You can take it as a given that there will be champagne at the wedding.   你可以假设婚礼上一定会有香槟。



★☆☆   given name
—————————————————
 US (UK first name) 
noun countable 
■the name which is chosen for you at birth and which is not your family name 
  （与姓相对的）名；（出生时取的）名字
Her family name is Smith and her given names are Mary Elizabeth.   她姓史密夫，名叫玛丽‧伊利莎白。



★☆☆   gizmo
—————————————————
(plural gizmos)    (also gismo (plural gismos)) UK US 
noun countable informal 
■any small device with a particular purpose    小装置；小玩意；小东西
electronic gizmos   小电子装置



★☆☆   glacial
—————————————————
adjective 
ICE/COLD  冰冷的  
■made or left by a glacier    由冰河形成的；冰川造成的
glacial deposits   冰川沉积
■extremely cold    极冷的；冰冷的；冰一般的
glacial temperatures   极低的温度
a glacial period   极寒冷的时期adjective 
NOT FRIENDLY  不友善的  
■extremely unfriendly    冷若冰霜的；冷冰冰的；冷淡的
She gave me a glacial smile/stare.   她向我微微冷笑了一下／冷冷地瞪了我一眼。



★☆☆   glacial period
—————————————————
(also ice age) specialized 
noun countable 
■a time in the past when the temperature was very cold and glaciers (= large masses of ice) spread over large parts of the Earth    冰（川）期，冰河时代



★☆☆   glaciated
—————————————————
UK US  specialized 
adjective 
■formed or covered by glaciers    由冰川作用形成的；冰川覆盖的
the glaciated peaks of the Himalayas   喜马拉雅山冰雪覆盖的山峰



★☆☆   glacier
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a large mass of ice which moves slowly    冰川；冰河



★☆☆   glacé
—————————————————
UK  US (US also glacéed) 
adjective [before noun] 
■preserved in liquid sugar and then dried    糖渍的；蜜饯的
glacé fruit   糖渍水果



★☆☆   glad
—————————————————
 (gladder, gladdest)
adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  
■pleased and happy    高兴的；愉快的；乐意的
We were glad about her success.   我们都为她的成功感到高兴。
I'm glad (that) you came.   你来了，我真的很高兴。
I'm glad to know the parcel arrived safely.   得知包裹安全寄到，我感到非常欣慰。
I'd be (only too) glad to help you.   我会非常乐意帮助你。
We'd be glad of the chance to meet her.   如有机会见到她，我们会非常高兴。 (gladder, gladdest)
adjective 
 give sb the glad eye old-fashioned slang 
■to look at someone in a way that shows you find them sexually attractive    向…送秋波
All the men were giving her the glad eye.   所有男人都向她眉目传情。



★☆☆   gladden
—————————————————
 literary 
verb transitive 
■to make someone or something glad    使高兴，使快乐，使喜悦
The news gladdened his heart.   这消息令他心花怒放。



★☆☆   glade
—————————————————
 literary 
noun countable 
■a small area of grass without trees in a wood    林间空地



★☆☆   glad-handing
—————————————————
 informal 
noun uncountable 
■being very friendly to people you have not met before, as a way of trying to get an advantage 
  （为了得到好处而表现出的）假热情，假友好
political glad-handing   政治场合上礼节性的热情友好



★☆☆   gladiator
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■in ancient Rome, a man who fought another man or an animal, usually until one of them died, for public entertainment 
  （古罗马）斗剑者



★☆☆   gladiatorial
—————————————————
UK US  literary 
adjective 
■relating to violent fighting in which only one person or group can win    你死我活的；狭路相逢的
gladiatorial combat   你死我活的战斗



★☆☆   gladiolus
—————————————————
UK US (plural gladioli or gladioluses)    (US usually gladiola) 
noun countable 
■a garden plant which has a long stem along which grow many brightly coloured flowers    剑兰



★☆☆   gladly
—————————————————
adverb 
■willingly or happily    乐意地，情愿地；高兴地，欣然
I'd gladly meet her, but I'm on holiday that week.   我很乐意见她，但是那星期我正好休假。



★☆☆   glad rags
—————————————————
 humorous 
plural noun 
■Someone's glad rags are their best clothes    最好的衣服；最讲究的衣服
Let's put on our glad rags and go out tonight!   我们穿上最好的衣服，今晚出去玩吧！



★☆☆   glad tidings
—————————————————
 old use or humorous 
plural noun 
■good news 
Let me be the first to give you the glad tidings.   先让我第一个告诉你好消息。



★☆☆   glam
—————————————————
adjective    informal short form of 
■glamorous    有魅力的；令人向往的；刺激的
You look dead glam in that dress!   你穿上那件连衣裙简直迷死人了！verb (-mm-)
—————————————————
verb (-mm-)
  Phrasal Verbs   [R] glam (yourself) up UK informal 
■to dress yourself attractively and put on make-up, etc    打扮；化妆
Have I got time to glam (myself) up?   我有时间打扮吗？    glammed up    /ˌglæmdˈʌp]
adjective    UK informal    2. She got/was all glammed up for the party.    她为了参加派对，打扮得光鲜迷人。




★☆☆   glamorize
—————————————————
(UK usually glamorise) UK verb transitive 
■to make something seem better than it is and therefore more attractive    美化；使更有魅力
The ad glamorized life in the army, emphasizing travel and adventure.   这个宣传广告美化了军旅生活，着重渲染军人的旅游和探险经历。



★☆☆   glamorous
—————————————————
(UK also glamourous) UK US (mainly UK informal glam) 
adjective 
■attractive in an exciting and special way    有魅力的；令人向往的；富于刺激的；独特的
a glamorous woman/outfit   迷人的女子／华丽的套装
a glamorous job   令人向往的工作
She was looking very glam.   她看上去美极了。



★☆☆   glamour
—————————————————
 UK (ALSO US glamor) UK noun uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■the special exciting and attractive quality of a person, place or activity    吸引力；魅力；诱惑力
Who can resist the glamour of Hollywood?   谁能抗拒得了好莱坞的诱惑？



★☆☆   glamourpuss
—————————————————
UK US (also glamour girl) old-fashioned 
noun countable 
■a sexually attractive woman who wears decorative clothes and make-up so that she will be noticed    迷人的女人（穿着华丽、化了妆而引人注目的女人）
She is decorative, larger than life, a terrific glamourpuss.   她打扮入时，非同凡响，真是个十分迷人的女人。



★☆☆   glance
—————————————————
UK verb 
LOOK  看  
 ADVANCED  intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to give a quick short look    瞥一眼；迅速地看一眼；扫视
She glanced around/round the room to see who was there.   她扫视了一眼房间，看看谁在里面。
He glanced up from his book as I passed.   我走过的时候，正埋头读书的他抬头瞥了我一眼。
Could you glance over/through this letter and see if it's alright?   你能不能看一下这封信，看看写得好不好？UK verb 
SHINE  发光  
intransitive + adverb or preposition 
■to shine, reflect light or sparkle    闪耀；闪光；闪烁
The sunlight glanced on the lake.   湖面上波光粼粼。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   glance off (sth) 
■to hit or touch something quickly and lightly at an angle and move away in another direction    擦过，掠过（指偏斜击中某物后变向而去）
The bullets glanced off the car.   子弹擦过汽车。UK noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a quick short look    瞥一眼；迅速地看一眼；扫视
She took/cast a glance at her watch.   她看了一下手表。
at a glance 
■immediately    立刻
He could tell at a glance that something was wrong.   他一眼就看出问题了。
at first glance 
■when first looking    乍看之下；最初看到时
At first glance I thought it was a dog (but I was mistaken).   乍看之下，我还以为是一只狗呢（但是我看错了）。



★☆☆   glancing
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■hitting quickly and lightly at an angle    斜擦而过的；击偏的
a glancing blow to the head   对头部斜擦而过的一击



★☆☆   gland
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an organ of the body or of a plant which secretes (= produces) liquid chemicals that have various purposes    腺
The glands in my neck are a bit swollen.   我颈部的腺体有点肿胀。



★☆☆   glandular
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■belonging or relating to, or produced or caused by, a gland or glands    腺体的；受腺体影响的；由腺体引起的
a glandular problem   腺体病变
glandular secretions   腺体分泌物



★☆☆   glandular fever
—————————————————
 UK (US mononucleosis) 
noun uncountable 
■an infectious disease which has an effect on particular glands (= small organs in the body which produce chemicals) and makes you feel weak and ill for a long time    腺热，传染性单核细胞增多症



★☆☆   glare
—————————————————
UK noun 
LOOK  看  
countable 
■a long angry look 
  （长久的）怒视，瞪眼
She gave me a fierce glare.   她狠狠瞪了我一眼。UK noun 
LIGHT  光  
uncountable 
■unpleasantly bright or strong light    刺眼的光
Tinted windows will cut down the glare/the sun's glare.   有色玻璃窗会遮挡刺眼的阳光。
This screen gives off a lot of glare.   这种萤幕发出的光太刺眼。UK noun 
the/a glare of sth 
■when something receives the largest amount of attention possible    …的广泛关注
The actor's wedding took place in the full glare of publicity/the media.   这个演员的婚礼在公众／媒体的密切关注下进行。UK verb intransitive 
SHINE  闪耀  
■to shine too brightly    发出刺眼的光
The sun was glaring right in my eyes.   强烈的阳光直刺我的眼睛。UK verb intransitive 
LOOK  看  
■to look directly and continuously at someone or something in an angry way    怒视，瞪眼
She glared angrily at everyone and stormed out of the room.   她横眉怒目地瞪了大家一眼，气呼呼地冲出房间。



★☆☆   glaring
—————————————————
UK adjective 
OBVIOUS  明显的  
■describes something bad that is very obvious 
  （负面事物）十分显眼的，易见的，明显的
glaring errors   明显的错误
a glaring injustice   明显不公正UK adjective 
SHINING  闪耀的  
■shining too brightly    刺眼的；耀眼的，眩目的
glaring light   刺眼的光
glaring colours   艳丽的色彩



★☆☆   glass
—————————————————
UK noun 
SUBSTANCE  物质  
 ESSENTIAL  uncountable 
■a hard transparent material which is used to make windows, bottles and other objects    玻璃
coloured/broken glass   有色／碎玻璃
a glass jar/dish/ornament   玻璃宽口瓶／碟／饰品
It's a huge window made from a single pane of glass.   这扇巨大的窗户是由一整块玻璃造的。
uncountable 
■objects made from glass when thought of as a group    玻璃制品；玻璃器皿
The museum has a fine collection of valuable glass.   这个博物馆收藏了一批珍贵的玻璃制品。
under glass 
■in a glasshouse    在玻璃温室里
In cool climates you have to grow tropical plants under glass.   在气候凉爽的地带，必须把热带植物种在玻璃温室中。UK noun 
CONTAINER  容器  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a small container for drinks made of glass or similar material, with a flat base and typically tube-shaped with no handle    玻璃杯
a beer/wine glass   啤酒／葡萄酒杯
She poured some milk into a glass.   她往玻璃杯中倒了些牛奶。
a glass of sth 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a type or amount of drink contained in a glass    一杯…
Would you like a glass of water?   你要不要喝杯水？
Two glasses of lemonade, please.   请给我两杯柠檬水。UK noun 
FOR IMPROVING SIGHT  改善视力  
glasses 
 ADVANCED  [plural] 
■two small pieces of special glass or plastic in a frame worn in front of the eyes to improve sight    眼镜
a pair of glasses   一副眼镜
reading glasses   阅读用眼镜UK noun 
DEVICE  设备  
the glass only singular old-fashioned 
■a barometer 
The glass has been falling/rising (= showing a change to bad/good weather) all day.   今天气压一直在下降／上升。UK noun 
 People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones. saying 
■This means that you should not criticize other people for bad qualities in their character that you have yourself.    自己有缺点，莫揭他人短UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] glass sth in/over 
■to use glass to fill the open spaces in something or to cover something    给…装玻璃；用玻璃把…罩住：
We glassed in the porch to make a small conservatory.   我们用玻璃把门廊封上，做了一个小温室。
The manuscripts are now glassed over, to stop them being damaged.   手稿现在罩上了玻璃罩，以防损毁。




★☆☆   glassblower
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who blows air down a tube to form heated glass into objects    玻璃吹制工人，吹玻璃工 人



★☆☆   glass ceiling 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a point after which you cannot go, usually in improving your position at work    无形限制，无形顶障（通常指职务晋升中无法逾越的限制）
Various reasons are given for the apparent glass ceiling women hit in many professions.   显然，在很多行业中女性的升迁都受到无形限制，对此人们给了不同的解释。



★☆☆   glass cutter 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a tool for cutting glass    切玻璃的工具
The burglars disabled the alarm and used a glass cutter to break into the house.   劫犯令报警器失灵，然后利用玻璃刀闯入房子。



★☆☆   glass fibre
—————————————————
 UK 
noun uncountable 
■fibreglass 



★☆☆   glassful
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an amount contained in a glass    一玻璃杯（的量）
She drank two whole glassfuls of orange juice.   她喝了满满两杯橙汁。



★☆☆   glasshouse
—————————————————
UK US ['gl&#xE6;s-/ (US usually greenhouse) 
noun countable 
■a large building with glass sides and roof for growing plants in    玻璃暖房；温室



★☆☆   glassware
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■drinking glasses or other objects made of glass    玻璃杯；玻璃器皿；玻璃制品
a display/collection of ornamental glassware   玻璃饰品展／一批玻璃饰物藏品



★☆☆   glassy
—————————————————
UK adjective 
SURFACE  表面     literary 
■describes a surface which is smooth and shiny, like glass 
  （表面）光亮的，光滑的
a glassy sea/lake   明净的海面／湖面UK adjective 
EYES  眼睛（的）  
■describes a person's eyes when they have a fixed expression and seem unable to see anything 
  （目光）呆滞的，木然的
Her eyes were glassy and her skin pale.   她目光呆滞，面色苍白。



★☆☆   Glaswegian
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person from Glasgow, the largest city in Scotland 
  （苏格兰的）格拉斯哥人



★☆☆   glaucoma
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a disease of the eye which can cause a person to gradually lose their sight    青光眼



★☆☆   glaze
—————————————————
verb 
GLASS  玻璃  
transitive 
■to put a piece of glass into a window or the windows of a building    装玻璃于；给（窗户）装玻璃
The house is nearly finished but it hasn't been glazed yet.   房子即将完工，但是窗户还没有装玻璃。verb 
SHINY  发光的  
transitive 
■to make a surface shiny by putting a liquid substance onto it and leaving it or heating it until it dries    给…上釉；给…上光；使光滑，使光亮
Glaze the pastry with beaten egg.   往油酥面团里加入打匀的鸡蛋，好使它亮滑。
The pot had been badly glazed.   这个罐子上釉上得很差。verb 
BORED  无聊的  
intransitive (also glaze over) 
■If your eyes glaze or glaze over, they stay still and stop showing any emotion because you are bored or tired or have stopped listening 
  （眼神）变呆滞，发呆
Among the audience, eyes glazed over and a few heads started to nod.   听众目光变得呆滞无神，少数人开始打盹。noun countable 
■a substance used to glaze something    釉，釉料；（用来使食物有光泽的）浆，汁
a cake with a redcurrant glaze   浇有红醋栗果浆的蛋糕
pottery with a fine translucent glaze   发出半透明光泽的陶器



★☆☆   glazier
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who sells glass or fits it into windows    卖玻璃的人；装玻璃工



★☆☆   glazing
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the glass used for windows    窗用玻璃



★☆☆   gleam
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
■to produce or reflect a small, bright light    发微光；闪烁；隐约闪光
He polished the table until it gleamed.   他把桌子擦得光洁明亮。
■When eyes gleam, they shine in a way that expresses a particular emotion 
  （眼睛）闪烁
His eyes gleamed with/in triumph.   他眼中闪现出胜利的光芒。noun countable usually singular 
■when something gleams    闪烁；闪亮；闪现



★☆☆   gleaming
—————————————————
adjective 
■bright and shiny from being cleaned    光洁闪亮的；明净的
a gleaming kitchen   清洁明亮的厨房
gleaming windows   明净的窗户



★☆☆   glean
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to collect information in small amounts and often with difficulty    缓慢艰难地收集（资讯）
From what I was able to glean, the news isn't good.   从我辛苦收集到的资讯来看，情况不妙。
They're leaving on Tuesday - I managed to glean that much (from them).   他们将在星期二离开——我辛辛苦苦（从他们那里）打探到的就只有这些。



★☆☆   glee
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■happiness, excitement or pleasure    快乐；兴奋；高兴
She opened her presents with glee.   她兴高采烈地打开礼物。



★☆☆   glen
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a deep narrow valley, especially among mountains 
  （尤指群山中的）峡谷，幽谷
the glens of Scotland   苏格兰的幽谷
Glen Maye   湄野谷



★☆☆   glib
—————————————————
 (glibber, glibbest)
adjective 
■speaking or spoken in a confident way, but without careful thought or honesty    花言巧语的，油嘴滑舌的；（说话）不诚恳的，未经思考的
He's a glib, self-centred man.   他是个油嘴滑舌、自私自利的人。
No one was convinced by his glib answers/explanations.   没有人相信他那信口开河的回答／解释。



★☆☆   glide
—————————————————
verb 
MOVE  移动  
intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to move easily without stopping and without effort or noise    滑行；滑动
She came gliding gracefully into the ballroom in a long flowing gown.   她身穿一袭飘逸的礼服，优雅轻盈地快步走进舞厅。
I love my new pen - it just glides across/over the paper.   我很喜欢我的新钢笔——书写流畅极了。
intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to move or progress without difficulty or effort    轻松行进；毫不费力地取得进展
Some people glide effortlessly through life with no real worries.   有些人一生过得轻松自在，无忧无虑。verb 
FLY  飞  
intransitive 
■to fly by floating on air currents instead of using power from wings or an engine    滑行；滑翔
We saw a condor gliding high above the mountains.   我们看到一只秃鹫在群山上空翱翔。
Unlike other spacecraft, the shuttle can glide back through the atmosphere, land safely, and be reused.   与其他太空船不同，这种航太飞机可以滑翔穿越大气层返回并安全降落，而且可以重复使用。



★☆☆   glider
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an aircraft without an engine and with long fixed wings, which flies by gliding    滑翔机



★☆☆   gliding
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the sport or activity of flying in a glider    滑翔运动



★☆☆   glimmer
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive 
■to shine with a weak light or a light that is not continuous    发出微弱的光；隐约闪烁
The lights of the village were glimmering in the distance.   远处村庄微弱的灯光时隐时现。
The sky glimmered with stars.   天空闪烁着点点星光。
a glimmering candle   暗淡摇曳的烛光
figurative The first faint signs of an agreement began to glimmer through (= appear).   达成协议开始出现一线希望。UK noun countable (also glimmering) 
LIGHT  光  
■a light that glimmers weakly    闪烁的微光；微弱的亮光
We saw a glimmer of light in the distance.   我们看到远处有一线微光。UK noun countable (also glimmering) 
SIGN  迹象  
■a slight sign of something good or positive    微弱的（好）迹象；一丝，一线
This month's sales figures offer a glimmer of hope for the depressed economy.   这个月的销售额为萧条的经济带来一丝希望。
She's never shown a glimmer of interest in classical music.   她对古典音乐从没有表现过一丁点兴趣。
The first glimmer of light (= sign of development or understanding) has appeared in the peace talks.   和平会谈首次出现了一丝转机。



★☆☆   glimpse
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to see something or someone for a very short time or only partly    看一看；瞥见
We glimpsed the ruined abbey from the windows of the train.   透过火车车窗，我们瞥见了修道院的废墟。noun countable 
■when you see something or someone for a very short time    一瞥；一见
I only caught (= had) a fleeting glimpse of the driver of the getaway car, but I doubt I would recognize her if I saw her again.   我只是在刹那间瞥见了开车逃跑的司机，但不肯定再看见她还能不能认出来。
■a quick idea or understanding of what something is like    短暂的感受（或领会）
This biography offers a few glimpses of his life before he became famous.   这部传记展示了他成名前的一些生活情况。



★☆☆   glint
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
■to produce small bright flashes of light reflected from a surface 
  （由于表面反射而）闪烁，闪光
The stream glinted in the moonlight.   月光下溪流闪着粼粼波光。
A large diamond glinted on her finger.   她手指上一颗硕大的钻戒闪闪发光。
■When someone's eyes glint, they look bright, expressing a strong emotion 
  （眼睛）闪闪发光
She smiled at him, her eyes glinting with mischief.   她向他微笑，眼神里透着调皮。noun countable usually singular 
■when something glints    闪烁，闪光
the glint of a knife   刀子的闪光
a mischievous glint in his eye   他眼中闪烁的调皮光芒



★☆☆   glisten
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
■to shine by reflecting light from a wet, oily or smooth surface 
  （因潮湿、油亮或光滑的表面反光而）闪光，闪耀，闪亮
The grass glistened in the early-morning dew.   清晨，小草顶着露珠晶莹发亮。
His eyes glistened with tears.   他的眼里闪着晶莹的泪花。



★☆☆   glitch
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small problem or fault that prevents something from being successful or working as well as it should    小毛病；小差错；小故障
We'd expected a few glitches, but everything's gone remarkably smoothly.   我们本来预计会出现一些小差错，但是一切都进展得非常顺利。
The system has been plagued with glitches ever since its launch.   系统自启动以来不断有小故障。
■specialized 
■a sudden unexpected increase in electrical power, especially one that causes a fault in an electronic system    短时脉冲波形干扰（突发性的电力增强，尤指那些导致电子系统发生故障的电力增强）
The computer failure was due to a glitch caused by lightning.   这次电脑故障是由雷电造成的脉冲干扰所致。



★☆☆   glitter
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive 
■to produce a lot of small bright flashes of reflected light    闪烁，闪耀，闪光
Her diamond necklace glittered brilliantly under the spotlights.   聚光灯下她的钻石项链流光溢彩，光芒四射。
■literary 
■If someone's eyes glitter, they look bright and express strong feeling 
  （眼睛）闪烁
His dark eyes glittered with anger behind his spectacles.   他那双黑眼睛透过镜片喷射出怒火。UK verb intransitive 
All that glitters is not gold. saying 
■said about something that seems to be good on the surface, but might not be when you look at it more closely    闪光的并非都是金子。UK noun uncountable 
EXCITEMENT  刺激  
■the excitement and attractive quality connected with rich and famous people 
  （富人或名人的）吸引力，魅力，诱惑力
He was attracted by the glitter of Hollywood.   好莱坞的魅力令他心驰神往。UK noun uncountable 
BRIGHT LIGHT  亮光  
■when something glitters    闪烁，闪耀，闪光
the glitter of the fireworks   火焰的绚烂
■very small pieces of shiny material used to decorate the skin or used by children to make pictures 
  （装饰或儿童作画用的）小发光物，发光碎屑



★☆☆   glitterati
—————————————————
UK plural noun 
■rich, famous and fashionable people whose activities are of interest to the public and are written about in some newspapers and magazines 
  （为公众或一些报刊津津乐道的）富人，名流，时髦人士
The restaurant is popular with the glitterati of the music world.   音乐界名流常来光顾这家餐馆。    Compare literati



★☆☆   glittering
—————————————————
UK adjective 
EXCITING  令人激动的  
■exciting or admired by many people, usually relating to rich and famous people    辉煌的，成功的，光彩的（通常与富人名流有关）
a glittering career   辉煌的事业
The Cannes Film Festival is one of the most glittering occasions in the movie world.   康城电影节是电影界最为光彩夺目的盛事之一。UK adjective 
BRIGHT LIGHT  亮光  
■shining with a lot of small bright flashes of light    闪烁，闪耀，闪光
the glittering skyline of Manhattan   曼克顿流光溢彩的空中轮廓线



★☆☆   glittery
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■producing a lot of small flashes of reflected light    闪烁，闪耀，闪光
glittery eye shadow   亮彩眼影膏
a glittery dress   一套华丽夺目的礼服



★☆☆   glitzy
—————————————————
adjective 
■having a fashionable appearance intended to attract attention    时髦华丽的；富丽堂皇的；耀眼夺目的
He celebrated his birthday at a glitzy party in Beverly Hills.   他在比华利山为自己举办了一个豪华铺张的生日派对。



★☆☆   gloat
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive 
■to feel or express great pleasure or satisfaction because of your own success or good luck, or someone else's failure or bad luck 
  （因自己的成功或好运而）沾沾自喜；（因别人的失败或坏运而）幸灾乐祸
She's continually gloating over/about her new job.   她一直在为获得新工作而沾沾自喜。
I know I shouldn't gloat, but it really serves him right.   我知道自己不应该幸灾乐祸，可他真是活该。
His enemies were quick to gloat at his humiliation.   看到他受辱，他的死对头乘机幸灾乐祸。
[+ speech] "This is our fourth victory in a row, " he gloated.   “这是我们连续第四场获胜了，”他洋洋得意地说。UK noun countable usually singular 
■when you gloat about something    沾沾自喜；幸灾乐祸
to have a gloat at/over/about something   对某事洋洋得意（或幸灾乐祸）



★☆☆   glob
—————————————————
UK US  informal 
noun countable 
■a round mass of a thick liquid or a sticky substance    一滴，一团（黏或稠的东西）
a glob of ketchup/yoghurt   一滴番茄酱／优格乳



★☆☆   global
—————————————————
UK adjective 
WORLD  世界  
 IMPROVER  
■relating to the whole world    全球的；全世界的
a global catastrophe/problem   世界性灾难／全球性问题UK adjective 
ALL PARTS  整体的  
■considering or relating to all parts of a situation or subject    整体的；全面的；总括的
This report gives a global picture of the company's finances.   这份报告对公司的整体财务状况作了说明。



★☆☆   globalism
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the idea that events in one country cannot be separated from those in another and that a government should therefore consider the effects of its actions in other countries as well as its own    全球主义；国际主义    Compare isolationism



★☆☆   globalist
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who believes that a country should consider the effects of its actions on other countries    全球主义者（坚信国家应该考虑自己的行为给其他国家带来的影响）
He is a globalist, whereas we are nationalists who will put our country first.   他是一个全球主义者，而我们是把自己国家放在首位的国家主义者。
She is critical of the president's globalist foreign policy.   她对总统全球主义的外交政策颇有微词。



★☆☆   globalization
—————————————————
(UK usually globalisation) UK noun uncountable 
■the increase of trade around the world, especially by large companies producing and trading goods in many different countries 
  （尤指由于大公司在很多不同国家的生产和销售活动而导致的贸易）全球化
We must take advantage of the increased globalization of the commodity trading business.   我们一定要好好利用商品贸易日益全球化这一时机。
■when available goods and services, or social and cultural influences, gradually become similar in all parts of the world 
  （商品、服务或社会及文化影响在世界范围的）传播，流传，趋同化
the globalization of fashion/American youth culture   时尚的全球趋同化／美国青年文化在世界各地的传播



★☆☆   globalize
—————————————————
(UK usually globalise) UK verb intransitive or transitive 
■to (make a company or system) spread or operate internationally 
  （使）全球化；（使）全世界化
Satellite broadcasting is helping to globalize television.   卫星广播技术正推动电视节目的全球化。
As the economy develops, it will continue to globalize.   随着经济发展，全球化进程将会继续。



★☆☆   global search 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■If you do a global search on a computer, you look for every example of a word or phrase in a document    全域搜索（在文档中搜索关于某个词或短语的全部例子）
Do a global search for 'organise' and replace it with 'organize'.   在全文检索搜寻 organise，把它们都替换成 organize。



★☆☆   global warming 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■a gradual increase in world temperatures caused by polluting gases such as carbon dioxide which are collecting in the air around the Earth and preventing heat escaping into space    全球（气候）暖化



★☆☆   globe
—————————————————
UK noun 
WORLD  世界  
the globe 
 ADVANCED  only singular 
■the world    地球；世界
His greatest ambition is to sail round the globe.   他最远大的志向就是驾船环球航行。
She is a superstar all around the globe.   她是一位国际超级巨星。
■ countable 
■a map of the world in the shape of a ball, which is fixed to a support and can be turned round at the same angle as the Earth turns in space    地球仪
She spun the globe, and pointed to the Solomon Islands.   她转动地球仪，然后指向所罗门群岛。UK noun 
ROUND OBJECT  圆形物体  
countable 
■any ball-shaped object    球状物，球体
countable Australian    * a light globe 



★☆☆   globe artichoke 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a plant which has a round mass of pointed parts like leaves, which are eaten as a vegetable, surrounding its flower    洋蓟，球蓟



★☆☆   globetrotter
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who often travels to a lot of different countries    周游列国者；环球旅行者
Japan last month, New York next month - you've become a regular globetrotter, haven't you?   上个月去了日本，下个月又要去纽约——你可真的成了环球旅行者了，是不是？



★☆☆   globular
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■shaped like a ball    球状的，球形的；圆的



★☆☆   globule
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a small ball of something, especially a drop of liquid 
  （尤指液体的）小球体，小滴
The disease is caused by globules of fat blocking the blood vessels.   这种疾病是由于血管中的球状脂肪颗粒堵塞血管引起的。



★☆☆   glockenspiel
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a musical instrument made of flat metal bars of different lengths which you hit with a pair of small hammers    钟琴



★☆☆   glom
—————————————————
UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   glom onto sth/sb US informal 
■to become very interested in something such as a new idea or fashion or in someone    对…产生强烈兴趣；对…着迷
Retailers are glomming onto a new fashion among teens for outsize clothes.   十几岁的孩子们新近流行穿特大号的服装，这引起零售商的强烈兴趣。
This guy glommed onto me at Tasha's party and wouldn't take no for an answer.   这个家伙在塔莎的聚会上搭上了我，怎么也甩不掉。
■to get or take something that you want    偷；拿走
He's glommed onto a couple of my tapes and I can't get them back off him.   他拿了我几盒磁带，我怎么要也要不回来。




★☆☆   gloom
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
WITHOUT HOPE  没有希望  
■feelings of great unhappiness and loss of hope    忧郁；愁闷；沮丧
Bergman's films are often full of gloom and despair.   伯格曼导演的电影通常都弥漫着忧郁和绝望的气氛。
There is widespread gloom and doom about the company's future.   大家普遍觉得公司的前景不妙，劫数难逃。noun uncountable 
DARKNESS  黑暗  
■when it is nearly dark and difficult to see well    昏暗；幽暗；黑暗
She peered into the gloom, but she couldn't see where the noise was coming from.   她努力朝黑暗中看去，但就是辨不出声响是从哪里传来的。
A figure emerged from the gloom of the corridor.   幽暗的走廊中出现了一个人影。



★☆☆   gloomy
—————————————————
adjective 
WITHOUT HOPE  没有希望的  
■unhappy and without hope    忧郁；愁闷；沮丧
a gloomy person/expression   一个愁容满面的人；一个沮丧的表情
The cemetery is a gloomy place.   墓地是个让人感到压抑的地方。
■with no positive opinions or expectations about a situation    悲观的
The vet is rather gloomy about my cat's chances of recovery.   兽医对我的猫儿康复表示很不乐观。
a gloomy economic forecast   令人沮丧的经济形势预测adjective 
DARK  黑暗的  
■dark in a way that is unpleasant and makes it difficult to see    灰暗的，幽暗的
What gloomy weather we're having!   今天天气太阴沉了！
We waited in a gloomy waiting-room.   我们在阴暗的候车室里等着。



★☆☆   gloop
—————————————————
 UK informal 
noun uncountable 
■any thick liquid or sticky substance    黏稠的液体；黏糊糊的东西



★☆☆   glop
—————————————————
UK US  informal 
noun uncountable 
■any thick unpleasant liquid, especially food 
  （令人感觉不舒服的）黏稠的糊状物（尤指食物）
The soup was a greyish glop, with bits in it.   那汤灰灰的、黏糊糊的，里面还掺了点儿剩饭剩菜。



★☆☆   glorify
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to praise and honour God or a person    赞美，颂扬，崇拜（上帝或人）
There are 99 prayer beads - one for each way Allah can be glorified in the Koran.   有99颗念珠，每一颗都代表着真主的一大功德，每种功德都在《可兰经》中留下了浓墨重彩的一笔。
A statue was erected to glorify the country's national heroes.   他们竖立了一座雕像来颂扬该国的民族英雄。
■to make something seem splendid or excellent, often when it is really not    吹捧；吹嘘；美化
I didn't like the way the film glorified war/violence.   我不喜欢那部电影美化战争／暴力的手法。
informal My word processor's really just a glorified typewriter.   我那个玩意美其名曰文字处理机，可极其量也只是部打字机。



★☆☆   glorious
—————————————————
UK adjective 
DESERVING ADMIRATION  光荣的  
■deserving great admiration, praise and honour    辉煌的；光荣的；荣耀的
a glorious victory   辉煌的胜利
a memorial to the glorious dead of two world wars   为缅怀在两次世界大战中光荣献身的人而修建的纪念碑UK adjective 
BEAUTIFUL/NICE  美丽的／友善的  
■very beautiful    美丽的；壮丽的；辉煌的
The beetroot had turned the soup a glorious pink.   甜菜使汤呈现出极为诱人夺目的粉红色。
Your roses are glorious!   你的玫瑰太漂亮了！
■describes weather that is very pleasant, especially weather that is hot and sunny    令人愉快的，极好的（尤指晴暖的天气）
They had glorious weather for their wedding.   他们举行婚礼的那天天气好极了。
It was a glorious winter day - crisp and clear.   那是一个令人心旷神怡的冬日——空气清新，阳光明媚。
■very enjoyable or giving great pleasure    极为怡人的；极其令人愉快的
This wine is absolutely glorious.   这酒真是至醇至美。
We had a glorious time in the south of France last summer.   去年夏天，我们在法国南部渡过了一段非常愉快的日子。



★☆☆   glory
—————————————————
UK noun 
ADMIRATION/PRAISE  赞美  
 ADVANCED  uncountable 
■praise and thanks, especially as given to God 
  （尤指对上帝的）赞颂，赞美，感激
Glory be to God!   荣耀属于上帝！
He dedicated his poetry to the glory of God.   他把自己的诗作敬献给无上荣耀的上帝。
 ADVANCED  uncountable 
■great admiration, honour and praise which you earn by doing something successfully    光荣；荣耀
He revelled in the glory of scoring three goals in the final 8 minutes.   比赛的最后八分钟，他连进三球，这种荣耀令他陶醉不已。
This was her final professional match, and she wanted to end her career in a blaze of glory.   这是她最后一场职业比赛，她想给自己的运动生涯画上一个荣耀炫目的句号。
countable 
■an important achievement which earns someone great admiration, honour and praise    给人荣耀的事；值得称赞的事；引以为豪的成就
The reunion is an opportunity for the soldiers to remember their past glories.   这次重聚给了老兵们一个缅怀他们昔日赫赫战功的机会。UK noun 
BEAUTY  美  
countable or uncountable 
■great beauty, or something splendid or extremely beautiful, which gives great pleasure    壮丽；辉煌；灿烂
They want to restore the castle to its former glory.   他们想重现城堡昔日雄伟壮观的面貌。
The garden in all its glory is now open to the public.   绚丽多姿的公园现已对公众开放。UK noun 
 bask / bathe in reflected glory 
■to feel successful and admired for something, despite the fact that you did not achieve it yourself but were only connected to it in some way    因为别人的成就而沾光；分享别人的荣誉而沾光；分享别人的荣誉
The government is bathing in the reflected glory of its victorious military forces.   军队的辉煌胜利给政府增光不少。UK noun 
cover yourself in/with glory 
■to be very successful and earn admiration    功成名就；取得很大成功；赢得赞赏
He didn't exactly cover himself with glory in his last job.   他最后的一份工作并没有真正让他功成名就。UK noun 
crowning glory 
■the greatest or most beautiful thing    最好的事物；最为壮观的事物；最美丽的事物
The ballroom is the crowning glory of the palace.   宫殿中最壮观的莫过于舞厅了。
Her hair is her crowning glory.   她的头发最令她引以为豪。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   glory in sth 
■to feel or show that you are very proud and happy about something    因…而自豪；为…而欣喜；因…而得意
He is still glorying in the success of his first Hollywood film.   他仍然陶醉于他的第一部好莱坞电影所取得的成功。
She glories in the fact that she's much better qualified than her sister.   她比她的妹妹优秀得多，因此甚为得意。




★☆☆   glory box 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular    Australian 
■bottom drawer    嫁妆箱（用于放置嫁衣）



★☆☆   glory days 
—————————————————
plural noun 
■Someone's glory days are a period of time when they were very successful    辉煌岁月
Her popularity as a singer has waned since the glory days of the 1980s.   作为歌星，她曾在20世纪80年代红极一时，但随后她的知名度就日渐下降。



★☆☆   gloss
—————————————————
UK noun 
APPEARANCE  外表  
[S or U] 
■a smooth shiny appearance on the surface of something, or paint or a similar substance which produces this appearance    光亮，光泽；亮光漆；用以产生光泽的物质
Marble can be polished to a high gloss.   大理石可以被磨得非常光滑。
This varnish provides a long-lasting and hard-wearing gloss finish.   用这种清漆做亮光漆可以使表面光亮、持久、耐磨。
lip gloss   唇彩
We'll need a litre of gloss (paint)to cover the woodwork.   我们得用一公升亮光漆来涂一下木建部分。UK noun 
EXPLANATION  解释  
countable 
■an explanation for a word or phrase    注释；评注
Difficult expressions are explained in the glosses at the bottom of the page.   难以理解的词组在页脚都有注释。UK noun 
put a gloss on sth 
■to emphasize the good parts of something that has been done, especially those which are to your advantage, and to avoid the bad parts 
  （尤指出于私心而）突出…的好处，夸饰…好的一面，粉饰
Politics is all about putting a good gloss on unpleasant or difficult situations.   政治无非就是用粉饰太平的手段来掩饰令人不快或困难的局面。UK noun 
take the gloss off sth 
■to make an event or occasion less special and enjoyable    煞…的风景；使黯然失色；使逊色
The bad weather really took the gloss off our trip to the zoo.   糟糕的天气着实破坏了我们去动物园玩的兴致。UK verb transitive 
■to provide an explanation for a word or phrase    给…加注释（或注解）
In the school edition of the book, the older and more rare words have been glossed.   这本书的教学用版本对一些较古老和较生僻的词作了注释。UK verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   gloss over sth 
■to avoid considering something, such as an embarrassing mistake, to make it seem not important, and to quickly continue talking about something else    搪塞；掩盖
She glossed over the company's fall in profits.   她掩饰了公司利润下降的问题。
The film was well researched, but it glossed over the important issues.   这部电影搜集了大量真实的资料，但是它却避开了一些重要的问题。




★☆☆   glossary
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an alphabetical list, with meanings, of the words or phrases in a text that are difficult to understand    词汇表；难词汇编
a glossary of technical terms   术语汇编



★☆☆   glossy
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■smooth and shiny    平滑有光泽的；光滑的
She has wonderfully glossy hair.   她有一头顺滑的秀发。
a dog with a glossy coat   亮毛狗
■describes a book or magazine which has been produced on shiny and expensive paper and contains many colour pictures 
  （书、杂志）用高级亮光纸印刷的
a glossy coffee-table book   用亮光纸印刷的大本图书
a pile of glossy magazines/car brochures   一叠用高级亮光纸印刷的杂志／汽车广告小册子
■mainly disapproving 
■looking attractive, but often not having serious value or quality    虚有其表的
This magazine is full of glossy advertisements for aftershave.   这本杂志中满是介绍刮胡水的广告，尽是些夸夸其谈的东西。UK noun countable 
■a glossy magazine    高级亮光纸印刷的杂志
US 
■a photograph printed on smooth shiny paper    用亮光纸列印的照片



★☆☆   glossy magazine
—————————————————
(also glossy) 
noun countable 
■a magazine printed on shiny high-quality paper which contains a lot of colour photographs and advertisements, usually about famous people, fashion and beauty 
  （通常指内容为名人、时尚或美容的）高级亮光纸印刷的杂志



★☆☆   glottal stop
—————————————————
UK US  specialized 
noun countable 
■a speech sound produced by closing the vocal cords and then opening them quickly so that the air from the lungs is released with force    喉塞音，声门闭锁音



★☆☆   glottis
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular (plural glottises or glottides)    specialized 
■the thin opening between the vocal cords at the top of the larynx (= organ in the throat) , which is closed by the epiglottis when you swallow    声门（人喉部声带间的区域）



★☆☆   glove
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a piece of clothing which is worn on the hand and wrist for warmth or protection, with separate parts for each finger 
  （分手指的）手套
leather/woollen/rubber gloves   皮／羊毛线／橡皮手套
a pair of gloves   一对手套verb transitive US 
■to put gloves on your hands    给…戴手套
She gloved her hands to protect them from the chemicals.   她戴上手套防止受化学品的伤害。
■to catch a ball when playing baseball 
  （棒球比赛中用戴手套的手）接（球）
He gloved the ball, turned and threw in one motion.   他的接球、转身、投掷，动作一气呵成。



★☆☆   glove box 
—————————————————
noun countable 
IN A CAR  车内  
■a glove compartment noun countable 
IN A LABORATORY  实验室中     specialized 
■a closed transparent container in which poisonous or radioactive substances can be touched safely using gloves fixed to holes in one side of the container    手套箱（一种透明的、用来储存有毒或放射性物质的容器，其一侧有孔，连有特制手套，可安全触摸里面的物质）



★☆☆   glove compartment
—————————————————
(also glove box) 
noun countable 
■a small cupboard or shelf in the front of a car, used for storing small things 
  （汽车前排座位前面放小物件的）杂物箱



★☆☆   gloved
—————————————————
adjective 
■having a glove or gloves on    戴手套
She held out a gloved hand.   她伸出戴了手套的手。



★☆☆   glove puppet
—————————————————
 UK (US hand puppet) 
noun countable 
■a toy person or animal which has a soft hollow body so that you can put your hand inside and move its head and arms with your fingers 
  （用手指操纵的）手套式木偶，手偶



★☆☆   glow
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive 
■to produce a continuous light and sometimes heat    发光；发热
A nightlight glowed dimly in the corner of the children's bedroom.   孩子们睡房的角落里有一盏小夜灯发出微光。
This substance is so radioactive that it glows in the dark.   这种物质辐射性很强，在黑暗中都可以发出亮光。
■to look attractive because you are happy or healthy, especially with eyes that are shining 
  （尤指因为眼睛放出光芒而）容光焕发，喜形于色
The children's faces were glowing with excitement.   孩子们兴奋得满脸通红。
They came back from their week by the sea, glowing with health.   他们在海边渡假一周，回来时个个都容光焕发。
be glowing 
■to be hot or red from exercising    因锻炼而发热，发红
When we got back from our walk in the snow, my whole body was glowing.   我们在雪中散步回来，我全身上下都热乎乎的。UK noun only singular 
LIGHT  光  
■when something produces a continuous light and/or heat    发光；发热；光亮；灼热
the glow of the fire   火光
Neon emits a characteristic red glow.   氖发出独特的红光。UK noun only singular 
FEELING  感觉  
■a positive feeling    喜悦；满足
They felt a glow of pride as they watched their daughter collect the award.   看着女儿领奖，他们感到非常自豪。
She felt a warm glow of satisfaction.   她感到心满意足，如沐春风。



★☆☆   glower
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive 
■to look very angry, annoyed or threatening    怒视；虎视眈眈；咄咄逼人地盯着
There's no point glowering at me like that - you know the rules.   你用这种威胁的目光看我毫无意义——你是知道规则的。
figurative Large black rain clouds glowered (= looked likely to produce rain) in the sky.   大团大团的乌云密布空中。



★☆☆   glowing
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■praising with enthusiasm    热烈赞扬的；热情洋溢的
In her speech, she paid a glowing tribute to her predecessor.   她在发言中热烈赞扬了她的前任。
His latest book has received glowing reviews.   他的近作好评如潮。



★☆☆   glow-worm
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a beetle , of which the females and young produce a green light from the tail    萤火虫



★☆☆   glucose
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a type of sugar which is found in plants, especially fruit, and which supplies an important part of the energy animals need 
  （植物、尤指水果中的）葡萄糖



★☆☆   glue
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■a sticky substance which is used for joining things together permanently, produced from animal bones and skins or by a chemical process    胶；胶水verb transitive usually + adverb or preposition (glueing or gluing, glued, glued)
■to join things together using glue    用胶粘
Is it worth trying to glue this plate back together?   还值得把这个碟子重新黏好吗？
I've nearly finished making my model aeroplane - I just have to glue the wings on.   我快把飞机模型做好了——只需把机翼黏上就行。verb transitive usually + adverb or preposition (glueing or gluing, glued, glued)
be glued to sth informal 
■to be unable to stop watching something    全神贯注地盯着…看；目不转睛地看
We were glued to the television watching the election results come in.   我们目不转睛地盯着电视，等待大选结果揭晓。verb transitive usually + adverb or preposition (glueing or gluing, glued, glued)
glued to the spot informal 
■unable to move because you are very frightened, nervous or interested 
  （由于害怕、紧张或感兴趣而）无法动弹，呆若木鸡
I just stood there, glued to the spot.   我站在那里，吓呆了。



★☆☆   glue ear 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a medical condition which is common in children, in which the middle part of the ear becomes filled with a liquid which prevents them from hearing correctly    胶耳（积液性中耳炎）
Over half of all children in Britain get glue ear at some time before they are 16, and it can lead to permanent hearing loss.   超过一半的英国儿童在十六岁之前患上积液性中耳炎，而这可能导致永久性的失聪。



★☆☆   glue sniffer 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■someone who breathes in the dangerous gases produced by some types of glue in order to feel excited    吸胶毒者



★☆☆   gluey
—————————————————
 (gluier, gluiest)
adjective 
■covered with glue    涂胶的；胶黏的
You'd better wash those gluey hands of yours.   你的手黏糊糊的，最好去洗洗。



★☆☆   glum
—————————————————
 (glummer, glummest)    informal 
adjective 
■disappointed or unhappy, and quiet    沮丧的；闷闷不乐的；愁闷的
You look glum. What's up?   你看上去闷闷不乐的，怎么了？
He's very glum about the company's prospects.   他对公司的前景感到很不乐观。
■If a place is glum, it is not attractive and has nothing that causes pleasure    阴郁的；死气沉沉的
They live in one glum little room.   他们住在一个死气沉沉的小房间里。



★☆☆   glut
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a supply of something that is much greater than can be sold or is needed or wanted    供过于求；供应过盛
The fall in demand for coffee could cause a glut on/in the market.   咖啡需求减少会导致市场供应过盛。
The current glut of graduates means that many of them will not be able to find jobs.   现在大学毕业生人数过多，意味着他们当中许多人无法找到工作。



★☆☆   gluten
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a protein which is contained in wheat and some other grains    谷蛋白黏胶质
a gluten-free diet   不含谷蛋白的饮食



★☆☆   glutinous
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■sticky    黏的；胶质的
Short-grain rice turns into a soft glutinous mass when cooked.   短粒米一煮就会变得又软又黏。



★☆☆   glutton
—————————————————
UK US disapproving 
noun countable 
■a person who regularly eats and drinks more than is needed    贪吃的人；暴饮暴食者UK US disapproving 
noun countable 
be a glutton for sth 
■to like something very much    酷爱；贪图；对…如饥似渴
Sophie is a glutton for books.   苏菲酷爱读书。UK US disapproving 
noun countable 
be a glutton for punishment 
■to be someone who seems to enjoy doing something that you consider unpleasant    刻苦耐劳的人；任劳任怨的人
He's a real glutton for punishment, taking on all that extra work without getting paid for it.   他真是个任劳任怨的人，不计报酬地承担所有额外的工作。



★☆☆   gluttonous
—————————————————
UK US disapproving 
adjective 
■eating and drinking more than you need    贪吃的人；暴饮暴食的
■using more than you need    浪费的
She said that industrialized countries should reduce their gluttonous (= greater than is needed) consumption of oil.   她说，工业化国家应当减少对石油资源没有必要的浪费。



★☆☆   gluttony
—————————————————
UK US disapproving 
noun uncountable 
■when people eat and drink more than they need to    暴饮暴食；贪吃
They treat Christmas as just another excuse for gluttony.   他们只把圣诞节当作暴饮暴食的另一个借口。



★☆☆   glycemic index 
—————————————————
noun only singular (abbreviation GI) 
■a system for listing foods according to how quickly they increase the level of sugar in your blood    升胰岛素指数（指进入人体后血糖或胰岛素上升的指数）



★☆☆   glycerine
—————————————————
(US also glycerin) UK noun uncountable 
■a colourless sweet thick liquid which is used in making explosives and medicines and for making food sweet    丙三醇，甘油    Compare nitroglycerine



★☆☆   glycerol
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable specialized 
■glycerine 



★☆☆   glycogen
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable specialized 
■a substance found in the liver and muscles which stores carbohydrate and is important in controlling sugar levels in the blood    糖原（存在于动物的肝脏和肌肉中，储藏碳水化合物，对控制血糖水准相当重要）



★☆☆   GM
—————————————————
adjective [before noun]    abbreviation for 
■genetically modified 



★☆☆   gm 
—————————————————
noun    written abbreviation for 
■gram 



★☆☆   G-man
—————————————————
 US slang 
noun countable 
■a government official in the US, especially one who works for the FBI    政府工作人员（美国政府官员，尤指联邦调查局探员）



★☆☆   GM food 
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■genetically modified food: food from crops whose genes have been scientifically changed    基因改造食品
Agricultural companies have failed to convince consumers that GM foods are safe.   农产品公司还未能令消费者相信基因改造食品是安全的。



★☆☆   GMO
—————————————————
UK noun countable    abbreviation for 
■genetically modified organism: a plant or animal whose genes have been scientifically changed    基因改造生物（体）



★☆☆   GMT
—————————————————
noun uncountable    abbreviation for 
■Greenwich Mean Time 



★☆☆   GMTA
—————————————————
(also gmta) 
■internet abbreviation for 
■great minds think alike: used when two people write the same thing when they are discussing something in a chat room , or when two people have the same idea    英雄所见略同



★☆☆   gnarled
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■rough and twisted, especially because of old age or no protection from bad weather 
  （尤指因为年老或坏天气的侵害而）粗糙的，扭曲的
a gnarled tree trunk   粗糙的树干
The old man drew a long gnarled finger across his throat.   老人伸出一根扭曲变形的长手指摸了一下喉咙。



★☆☆   gnash
—————————————————
verb 
gnash your teeth 
■to bring your teeth forcefully together when you are angry 
  （气得）咬牙切齿
The monster roared and gnashed its teeth.   那怪兽咆哮，将牙磨得咯咯直响。    humorous 
■to complain angrily and noisily about something    抱怨；发牢骚
The villagers gnashed their teeth about the council's decision to build a car park.   村民纷纷抱怨地方委员会决定兴建停车场。verb 
gnashing of teeth (also teeth-gnashing) humorous 
■angry noise and upset    怨忿声；怨恨和不满；咬牙切齿
There has been much gnashing of teeth about the proposal to close the hospital.   听到要关闭医院的计划，大家怨声载道。



★☆☆   gnat
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a very small flying insect that bites animals and people    叮人的小虫；蚋；蠓



★☆☆   gnaw
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive + prep transitive 
BITE  咬  
■to bite or chew something repeatedly, usually making a hole in it or gradually destroying it    咬，啮，啃（通常指啃出孔洞或逐渐啃坏）
Babies like to gnaw hard objects when they're teething.   婴儿在长牙时喜欢啃咬硬物。
A dog lay under the table, gnawing on a bone.   一只狗趴在桌下啃骨头。UK verb intransitive + prep transitive 
FEEL WORRIED  感到担忧  
■to make you feel worried or uncomfortable    使烦恼；折磨
I've been gnawed by guilt about not replying to her letter yet.   我到现在还没有回她的信，心里一直感到很内疚。
The feeling that I've forgotten something has been gnawing at me all day.   我一整天都坐立不安，总是觉得忘了甚么事情。UK verb intransitive + prep transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   gnaw away at sth 
■to gradually reduce or spoil something    磨损；消耗；侵蚀
Bad debts are continuing to gnaw away at the bank's profits.   坏帐继续吞噬银行的利润。




★☆☆   gnawing
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■continuously uncomfortable, worrying or painful    折磨人的；令人苦恼的；使人痛苦的
I've had gnawing doubts about this project for some time.   这段时间以来，我对这个企划案一直怀有重重疑虑。
After three days, we felt an agonizing, gnawing hunger.   三天后，我们开始感到饥饿的煎熬和折磨。



★☆☆   gneiss
—————————————————
noun uncountable specialized 
■a type of metamorphic rock that contains light and dark bands formed of minerals such as quartz and mica    片麻岩（由云母、石英组成，中粗粒变晶结构和片麻状或条带状构造的变质岩）



★☆☆   gnocchi
—————————————————
UK plural noun 
■small round balls made from potato or wheat flour mixed with water, that you eat in soup or with sauce 
  （马铃薯或面粉做的）汤团，团子，汤圆



★☆☆   gnome
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an imaginary, very small, old man with a beard and a pointed hat, in traditional children's stories 
  （童话中的）土地神，地下宝藏守护神
■a model of a gnome used as a garden decoration 
  （花园中装饰用的）守护神塑像，守护神石像
I don't think garden gnomes are in very good taste.   我觉得在花园中摆设守护神塑像品味有点低俗。
■US 
■a person who works by using their mind, but does not talk to, and is not known by, the public    低调的脑力工作者；不作张扬的才子
The gnomes in the back room are putting the finishing touches to the new software.   后面房间内的那些低调才子正为新软体做最后的润饰工作。
the gnomes of Zurich literary 
■the powerful bankers (= people who own or control banks) from Switzerland who control a lot of money, much of it belonging to foreign governments    苏黎世的大银行家



★☆☆   gnomic
—————————————————
UK US formal 
adjective 
■describes something spoken or written that is short, mysterious and not easily understood, but often seems wise    精辟深奥的；高深莫测的；简短晦涩的
Peter is always coming out with gnomic utterances/pronouncements.   彼得经常发表一些高深莫测的意见。



★☆☆   GNP
—————————————————
noun uncountable    specialized abbreviation for 
■Gross National Product: the total value of goods and services produced by a country in one year, including profits made in foreign countries    国民生产总值    Compare GDP



★☆☆   gnu
—————————————————
 (plural gnu or gnus)
noun countable 
■a large African animal with a long tail and horns that curve to the sides, which lives in areas covered with grass    （非洲的）牛羚，角马



★☆☆   go
—————————————————
UK verb (going, went, gone)
MOVE/TRAVEL  移动／出行  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to travel or move to another place    去；走
We went into the house.   我们走进了那座房子。
I went to Paris last summer. Have you ever been there?   去年夏天我去了巴黎，你去过吗？
We don't go to the cinema very often these days.   近来我们不太经常看电影。
Wouldn't it be quicker to go by train?   坐火车去不是更快一些吗？
Does this train go to Newcastle?   这班火车去纽卡素吗？
Where do you think you're going? Shouldn't you be at school?   这是到哪里的？你现在应该在学校里，不是吗？
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to be in the process of moving    移动；行走
Can't we go any faster?   我们能不能再走快点？
We were going along at about 50 miles an hour.   我们正在以每小时50英里左右的速度前进。
to go down the road   在路上走
to go up/down stairs   上／下楼梯
to go over the bridge   过桥
to go through a tunnel   穿过隧道
figurative I've got a tune going around/round in my head (= I am continually hearing it) and I just can't remember the name of it.   一支曲调时时在我脑海萦绕，但我就是想不起它的名字。
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive 
■to move or travel somewhere in order to do something    去（做…）；去（参加）；去（从事）
[+ -ing verb] We go shopping every Friday night.   我们在每个星期五的晚上都去购物。
I've never gone skiing.   我从没试过滑雪。
They've gone for a walk, but they should be back soon.   他们去散步了，但是应该很快就会回来。
[+ to infinitive] She's gone to meet Brian at the station.   她去火车站接布莱恩了。
There's a good film on at the Odeon. Shall we go?   奥登影院正在放映一出好电影，我们去看吧？
where has/have sth gone? 
 ADVANCED  
■said when you cannot find something 
  （用于找不到…时）…跑哪去了？
Where have my keys gone?   我的锁匙在哪里？
  Common Learner Errors   go   When talking about travelling or moving to another place, the most usual preposition to use with 'go' is to.   Don't say 'go in/at/on a place', say go to a place :
✗ I want to go in/at/on England/the cinema/university.   I want to go to England/the cinema/university.
  Common Learner Errors   go or come?   Remember: go is used to talk about movement to another place, away from where the speaker is.   I am going to London next week.   To talk about movement towards where the speaker is, don't say 'go', say come :
✗ You can go to visit me here whenever you want.   You can come to visit me here whenever you want.
  Common Learner Errors   go or get?   Warning: choose the correct verb!   To talk about reaching or arriving at a particular place, don't say 'go to', say get to :
✗ It takes two hours to go to London from here.   It takes two hours to get to London from here.
  Common Learner Errors   go   Warning: do not use the infinitive with to after go to talk about leisure activities.   Don't say 'go to fish/shop/sail/hike', say go fishing/shopping/sailing/hiking :
✗ Let's go to camp at the weekend.   Remember: do not use a preposition between go and the leisure activity verb:
✗ We went for swimming in the lake.
  Common Learner Errors   gone or been?   The past participle of 'go' is gone.   I'm sorry but she's gone abroad on business - she'll be back next week.   Sometimes, however, been is used to say that someone has gone somewhere and come back, or to say that someone has visited somewhere.   He's been abroad many times.UK verb (going, went, gone)
LEAVE  离开  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive 
■to leave a place, especially in order to travel to somewhere else 
  （尤指为了去别的地方）离开，离去，出发
Is it midnight already? I really must go/must be going.   都已经半夜了？我真的要走了。
She wasn't feeling well, so she went home early.   她感到不舒服，所以提前离开回家了。
mainly UK What time does the last train to Bath go?   去巴斯的最后一班火车甚么时侯开出？
I'm afraid he'll have to go (= be dismissed from his job) - he's far too inefficient to continue working for us.   恐怕他要走了——他实在太不称职，没法继续在这儿工作下去。
This carpet's terribly old and worn - it really will have to go (= be got rid of).   这张地毯破旧不堪，磨损严重——必须要换了。
to go  ADVANCED  mainly US 
■If you ask for some food to go at a restaurant, you want it wrapped up so that you can take it away with you instead of eating it in the restaurant 
  （将在饭店所点食物）带走，外带
I'd like a cheeseburger and strawberry milk shake to go, please.   我要外卖一个起司汉堡包，一份士多啤梨奶昔。
⇨ See also takeaway
intransitive polite word for 
■to die    去世；走
She went peacefully in her sleep.   她在睡眠中安详辞世。UK verb (going, went, gone)
LEAD  通向  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive + adverb or preposition 
■If a road, path, etc. goes in a particular direction, it leads there    通（向）；延伸
This road goes to Birmingham.   这条路通向伯明罕。
A huge crack went from the top to the bottom of the wall.   墙上裂了一条很大的裂缝，从房顶一直延伸到地面。
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to continue for a particular length    延展，延伸（某段距离）
The tree's roots go down three metres.   这棵树的根一直扎到地下三米。UK verb (going, went, gone)
FUTURE TIME  将来的时间  
be going to do/be sth 
 ESSENTIAL  
■to intend to do or be something in the future    将要做／成为；打算做／成为
Are you going to go to Claire's party?   你打算去参加克莱尔的聚会吗？
He wants me to mend his shirt for him, but I'm not going to!   他想我帮他补衬衫，我不会这样做！
I'm going to be a famous pop star when I'm older.   我长大了想做一个有名的流行歌星。
 ESSENTIAL  
■to be certain or expected to happen in the future    肯定会做／成为；预期会做／成为
They're going to have a baby in the spring.   到春天他们就会有孩子了。
There's going to be trouble when Paul finds out about this.   如果保罗发现了这件事，那就麻烦了。
The forecast said it was going to be hot and sunny tomorrow.   天气预报说，明天天气晴朗炎热。UK verb (going, went, gone)
BECOME  变为  
 ESSENTIAL  [L only + adj] 
■to become    变得，变成，成为
The idea of going grey doesn't bother me, but I'd hate to go bald.   我不在乎头发变得灰白，但我真的很受不了变成个秃头。
Her father's going senile/blind/deaf.   她父亲变老了／失明了／变聋了。
If anything goes wrong , you can call our emergency hotline free of charge.   如出现任何问题，你可以打我们的免费紧急热线。
After 12 years of Republican presidents, the US went Democratic in 1992.   在共和党人做了12年的总统后，美国在1992年进入了民主党执政的时代。UK verb (going, went, gone)
MOVE BODY  活动身体  
 ADVANCED  intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to move a part of the body in a particular way or the way that is shown    做特定的动作
Go like this with your hand to show that you're turning left.   这样伸出手，示意你要向左转弯了。UK verb (going, went, gone)
OPERATE  运转  
 ADVANCED  intransitive 
■to operate (in the right way) 
  （正常地）运转，运行，工作
Have you any idea why this watch won't go?   你知道为甚么这只手表坏了？
Can you help me get my car going?   你能帮我把车开动吗？
Our company has been going (= has been in business) for twenty years.   我们公司已经有20年的历史了。UK verb (going, went, gone)
TIME  时间  
 ADVANCED  intransitive 
■If a period of time goes, it passes 
  （时间）过去，流逝，消逝
I had a wonderful weekend but it went awfully quickly.   我周末过得很愉快，但时间过得太快了。
Time seems to go faster as you get older.   随着年龄增长，时间也好像过得更快了。
There's only a week to go before (= until) my exam results come out.   只要再过一个星期我的考试结果就出来了。UK verb (going, went, gone)
BE  是  
[L only + adj] 
■to be or stay in a particular, especially unpleasant, condition    处于（尤指令人不快的状况）
In spite of the relief effort, thousands of people continue to go hungry.   尽管提供了救济，仍有数以千计的人继续处于饥饿状态。
Why do so many rapes go unreported?   为甚么有那么多人被强奸后没有报案呢？
as...go 
■in comparison with most other things of a particular type, especially when you do not think that type of thing is very good    就某类…而言，和一般…相比（尤指认为此类事物不太好）
It was quite a good film, as horror films go.   就恐怖片而言，这出电影算不错了。
I suppose the concert was OK, as these things go.   就此类演出而言，我想这次音乐会还可以。
go to prove/show 
■to prove that something is true    验证，证明，说明
Your daughter's attitude only goes to prove how much society has changed over the last 30 years.   你女儿的态度恰恰证明了过去30年里社会的变化有多大。UK verb (going, went, gone)
START  开始  
intransitive 
■to start doing or using something    开始
I'll just connect up the printer to the computer and then we'll be ready to go.   我只要把列印机和电脑连接上，我们就可以开始了。
■


go 1	UK verb (going, went, gone)
DIVIDE  除  
intransitive not continuous 
■(of a number) to fit into another number especially resulting in a whole number    除；（尤指）整除
5 into 11 won't go.   5除11除不尽。
5 goes into 11 twice with 1 left over.   11除以5等于2余1。UK verb (going, went, gone)
SAY  说  
[+ speech] informal 
■to say, especially when a story is being told 
  （尤指讲故事时）说
"I never want to see you ever again, " he goes, and storms out the house.   “我今生再也不想看到你。”他说着，怒气冲冲地冲出了房子。UK verb (going, went, gone)
WEAKEN  削弱  
intransitive 
■to become weak or damaged, especially from being used (too much), or to stop working 
  （尤指因为过度使用）变薄弱，衰退，损坏，垮掉
After a gruelling six months singing on a world tour, it is hardly surprising that her voice is starting to go.   经过六个月紧张劳累的世界巡演，她的音质开始变差，这不足为奇。
I really must get a new jacket - this one's starting to go at the elbows.   我真的要去买件新外套了——这一件肘部都快磨坏了。
Her hearing is going, but otherwise she's remarkably fit for a 95-year-old.   她的听力开始下降，但除此以外，对于一个95岁高龄的老人来说，她还是很健康的。UK verb (going, went, gone)
NOISE  噪音  
intransitive or transitive 
■to produce a noise    发出（声音）；响；鸣
I think I heard the doorbell go (= ring) just now.   我觉得刚才听到门铃响了。
I wish my computer would stop going 'beep' whenever I do something wrong.   我希望我的电脑不会因为我一出错就“嘟嘟”响。UK verb (going, went, gone)
BE EXPRESSED  被表达  
intransitive not continuous 
■to be expressed, sung or played    用某种措词表达；（音乐）有某种调子；（以特定方式）唱
I can never remember how that song goes.   我永远也记不起怎样唱那首歌。
"Doesn't it go something like this?" said Joan, and played the first couple of bars on her guitar.   “它是不是这个调子？”琼说着，用吉他奏出开头几个小节。
[+ (that)] The story goes (= People say) (that) he was sacked after he was caught stealing company property.   据说他盗窃公司的财物被捉住后就被开除了。
A headless ghost walks the castle at night - or so the story goes (= so people say).   一个无头鬼晚上在城堡中游荡——反正人们都是这样说的。UK verb (going, went, gone)
HAPPEN  发生  
intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to happen or be found regularly or typically with each other or another    与（…）同时存在；与（…）相伴而生
Wisdom and maturity don't necessarily go together.   有智不在年高，年成未必有智。
She knows all about the health problems that go with smoking.   抽烟引起的所有健康问题她都很清楚。
Great wealth often goes hand in hand with meanness.   巨富者常悭吝。UK verb (going, went, gone)
BE SITUATED  位于  
intransitive usually + adverb or preposition [not continuous] 
■to be put in a particular place, especially as the usual place    被放置，被置于（尤指通常的位置）
The sofa went against that wall before we had the radiator put in.   安装暖气机前沙发是靠着那面墙放的。
I'll put it all away if you tell me where everything goes.   你告诉我这些东西要放在哪里，我会把一切都放回去。UK verb (going, went, gone)
BE SOLD  被卖掉  
intransitive 
■to be sold or be available    被卖掉，被出售；现成可用
The shop is having a closing-down sale - everything must go.   那间商店正举行停业特卖——一切货物都要售完。
The painting will go to the highest bidder.   这幅油画将会卖给出价最高的人。
I bought some flowers that were going cheap.   我买了一些减价出售的花。
"Going... going... gone! (= Sold!) " said the auctioneer, banging down the hammer.   “要卖出了——要卖出了——成交！”拍卖人边喊边敲下了拍卖槌。UK verb (going, went, gone)
BE ACCEPTABLE  可以接受  
intransitive not continuous 
■to look or be acceptable or suitable    可以接受；匹配；适合；相称
That picture would go well on the wall in the living room.   那幅画挂在客厅墙上非常合适。
The TV would go nicely in that corner, wouldn't it?   电视放在那个角落刚刚好，对吗？
If I wear the orange hat with the blue dress, do you think it will go?   我穿那件蓝色连衣裙戴这顶橙红色的帽子，你觉得相配吗？
Just remember that I'm the boss and what I say goes (= you have to accept what I say).   请记住我是老板，我说一不二。
My parents don't worry too much about what I get up to, and most of the time anything goes (= I can do what I want).   我做甚么我父母都不是太担心，所以大多数情况下我都能做自己想做的事。UK verb (going, went, gone)
BE KNOWN  被知道  
intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to be known (by a particular name)    被叫做，被称为（某个名字或名称）；名叫
He had a scruffy old teddy bear which went by the name of Augustus.   他有个肮脏破旧的玩具熊，名字叫奥古斯塔斯。
In Britain, this flour usually goes under the name of maize meal.   在英国，这种面粉一般被称为玉米面。UK verb (going, went, gone)
DEVELOP  发展  
intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to develop or happen    进行，进展；发生
" How did the interview go?" "It went very well, thanks."   “面试进行得怎么样？”“很好，多谢。”
Things have gone badly for him since his business collapsed.   他的公司倒闭后，他的生活变得一塌糊涂。UK verb (going, went, gone)
be gone on sb informal 
■to like someone a lot    迷恋（某人），倾心于（某人）
Nicky's really gone on Marty.   尼基真的对马蒂着了迷。UK verb (going, went, gone)
go and... informal 
■used to express disapproval of something that is done 
  （表示不赞成）居然做了…，竟然干出…
He's gone and lost (= He has lost) that wallet I gave him for his birthday.   他竟然把我送给他作为生日礼物的钱包给遗失了。
Mike's really gone and done it now - he'll be in terrible trouble for breaking that window.   麦克居然把窗户的玻璃打碎了——他要吃不了兜着走了。UK verb (going, went, gone)
go for it informal 
■to do anything you have to in order to get something    尽力争取；不遗余力去做
■1. "I'm thinking of applying for that job." "Go for it!"UK verb (going, went, gone)
go it alone 
■to do something without other people    独自做；单干
He's decided to leave the band and go it alone as a singer.   他已经决定离开乐队，自己一个去做一名歌手。UK verb (going, went, gone)
 sth gone mad 
■a particular type of thing that has gone out of control    失控的…；变本加厉的…；猖獗的…
He described the new regulations as bureaucracy gone mad.   他把这些新规定描述为官僚主义变本加厉的表现。UK verb (going, went, gone)
have sth going for you 
■If someone or something has something going for them, that thing causes them to have a lot of advantages and to be successful    有…的有利条件
They've got a happy marriage, brilliant careers, wonderful kids - in fact they've got everything going for them.   他们婚姻美满、事业有成、儿女聪慧——实际上他们的一切都完美无缺。UK verb (going, went, gone)
not go there 
■to not start to think about or discuss a subject    不想；不讨论；置之不理
"Then there's the guilt I feel about leaving her for seven hours every day." "Don't even go there!"   “还有，每天要有七个小时不理她，让我感到十分歉疚。”“你不要再想这件事啦！”UK verb (going, went, gone)
the same/that goes for sb/sth 
■what I have said about one person or thing is also true for or relates to another person or thing    同样适用于…；和…也有关；对…来说也是如此
You really need to smarten up your appearance, Chris - and the same goes for the rest of you.   克里斯，你真的需要打扮得整洁些——你们也一样。UK verb (going, went, gone)
What are you going to do? US informal 
■used to say that there is nothing you can do to make a situation better 
  （用于无计可施时）你又能有甚么办法？
■


go 2	UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go after sb 
■to chase or follow someone in order to catch them    追赶 （某人）；跟在（某人）后面；追捕（某人）
The police went after him but he got away.   员警对他展开了追捕，但是被他逃脱。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go after sth    informal 
■to try to get something    追逐；追求；谋求
Are you planning to go after Paul's job when he leaves?   你打算在保罗离职后取而代之吗？UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go against sb 
■If a decision or vote goes against someone, they do not get the result that they needed    对（某人）不利
The judge's decision went against us.   法官的判决对我们不利。
The vote went against her (= She lost the vote).   投票选举的结果是她输了。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go against sth/sb 
■to oppose or disagree with something or someone    反对；违背；违反
Public opinion is going against the government on this issue.   在这个问题上，公众舆论与政府的立场背道而驰。
What you're asking me to do goes against everything I believe in.   你现在要求我所做的事情违背了我的所有原则。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go ahead 
 ADVANCED  
■to start to do something    开始做；着手做
We've received permission to go ahead with the music festival in spite of opposition from local residents.   尽管受到当地居民反对，我们还是获准开始着手筹备音乐节。
I got so fed up with waiting for him to do it that I just went ahead and did it myself.   我等他等得实在不耐烦了，所以就干脆自己动手把事做完了。
 ADVANCED  informal 
■said to someone in order to give them permission to start to do something 
  （用于给别人许可）进行，开始，做
"Could I ask you a rather personal question?" "Sure, go ahead."   “我可以问您一个私人问题吗？”“当然，问吧。”
 ADVANCED  
■If an event goes ahead, it happens    发生；进行
The festival is now going ahead as planned.   庆祝活动现在正按计划进行。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go along 
PLACE  
 ADVANCED  UK 
■to go to a place or event, usually without much planning 
  （通常指未经仔细计划）去（某个地方），参加（某个活动）
I might go along to the party later.   我晚一些或许会去参加聚会的。
ACTIVITY  
as you go along 
■as you are doing a job or activity    在工作中；在活动进行过程中
We have a flexible approach to what we're doing that allows us to make any necessary changes as we go along.   我们的工作方式很灵活，这使我们在工作中可以作出必要的改进。
I'll explain the rules as we go along.   我会在进行过程中解释规则。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go along with sth/sb 
■to support an idea, or to agree with someone's opinion    赞同；支持；和（某人）观点一致
Kate's already agreed, but it's going to be harder persuading Mike to go along with it.   凯特已经同意了，但是要说服麦克也同意就难多了。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go around    US for 
■go round UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go at sb 
■to attack someone    攻击（某人）
Suddenly, he went at me with a knife.   突然，他手持一把刀子向我扑来。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go at sth informal 
■to start doing something with a lot of energy and enthusiasm    开始卖力工作；着手拼命工作
He went at (= ate eagerly) his dinner as if he hadn't had anything to eat for weeks.   他狼吞虎咽地吃着晚饭，好像饿了几星期似的。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go away 
LEAVE  
 ESSENTIAL  
■to leave a place    走开；离开；离去
Go away and leave me alone!   走开，别烦我！
 ADVANCED  
■to leave your home in order to spend time somewhere else, usually for a holiday 
  （通常指为了渡假）离家外出
We usually go away for the summer.   我们夏天通常到外地去渡假。
He goes away on business a lot.   他经常在外出差。
DISAPPEAR  
 ADVANCED  
■to disappear    消失
It was weeks before the bruises went away.   过了好几个星期青肿才消下去。
going away US 
■In sports, if a team or person wins a competition going away, they win it by a lot of points, goals, etc 
  （体育比赛中）大获全胜
They seemed to score at will in the final period and the Knicks won going away.   在比赛最后阶段，他们打得十分顺利，仿佛得分是随心所欲的事，最终尼克队大获全胜。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go back 
RETURN  
 ESSENTIAL  
■to return    返回；回到
That restaurant was terrible - I'm never going back there again.   那间餐厅差极了——我再也不会到那里吃饭。
I'll have to go back for my umbrella.   我要回去拿我的雨伞。
Do you think you'll ever go back to London?   你认为你还会回去伦敦吗？
When do you go back to school?   你甚么时候回校上课？
Let's go back to the beginning and start again.   让我们从头再来吧。
We can always go back to the original plan if necessary.   如果有必要的话，我们随时可以回头采用最初的计划。
■to be returned    返还；归还
When are these library books due to go back ?   这些从图书馆借的书应该何时归还？
That TV will have to go back to the shop - it hasn't worked properly ever since I bought it.   那部电视机要退给商店——从我买回来到现在经常发生故障。
ORIGIN  
■to have existed since a time in the past    追溯到；回溯到
Their relationship goes back to when they were at university together.   他们早在一起上大学时就开始交往了。
Our house goes back to (= has existed since) the 18th century.   我们的房子建于18世纪。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go back on sth 
■to fail to keep a promise, or to change a decision or agreement    违背（承诺或协议）；改变（决定）
The government looks likely to go back on its decision to close the mines.   看来政府可能会出尔反尔，推翻原先关闭矿井的决定。
She's gone back on her word and decided not to give me the job after all.   她说话不算数，竟然决定不再给我那个工作了。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go back to sb 
■to start a relationship again with a person you had a romantic relationship with in the past    回到（爱人或恋人的）身边；与（某人）破镜重圆
I hear he's ended the affair and gone back to his wife.   我听说他结束婚外情与妻子破镜重圆。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go back to sth 
■to start doing something again that you were doing before    重新开始（做某事）；重操旧业
It's time to go back to work.   是时候回去工作了。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go by 
 ESSENTIAL  
■to move past, in space or time 
  （在空间上）经过；（时间）逝去
You can watch the trains going by from this window.   你可以从这个视窗看往来的火车。
You can't let an opportunity like that go by - it's too good to miss.   你不能放过这样一个机会——良机不容错过。
Hardly a day goes by when I don't think about her.   我没有一天不想她。
in days gone by 
■in the past    


go 3	1. The house was a railway station in days gone by.
 从前这座房屋是个火车站。
UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go by sth 
FOLLOW  
■to follow something or be shown the way by something    遵守；依照；按照
I'm sorry, madam, but we have to go by the rules.   对不起，这位女士，但是我们必须按章办事。
BASE  
■to base an opinion, decision or judgment on something    根据…作判断（或决定）
What do you go by when you're deciding whether or not to employ someone?   你决定雇用谁或者不雇用谁的依据是甚么？
Going by what she said yesterday, I would say she's about to resign.   从昨天她说的话来判断，我敢说她要辞职了。
If past experience is anything to go by, he'll completely ignore our suggestions and then change his mind at the last minute.   根据以往的经验来看，他肯定会把我们的建议全然置诸脑后，在最后一刻改变主意。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go down (sth) 
MOVE DOWN  
 IMPROVER  
■to move down to a lower level or place    下去，下降，下沉（到某种水准或某个地方）
He went down on his knees and begged for forgiveness.   他双膝跪下请求原谅。
He first went down the mines when he was 17.   他第一次下矿井的时候是17岁。
The plane went down (= fell to the ground because of an accident, bomb, etc.) ten minutes after takeoff.   飞机在起飞十分钟后就坠落了。
Everyone took to the lifeboats when the ship started to go down (= sink).   轮船开始下沉时，所有人都上了救生艇。
Could I have a glass of water to help these pills go down (= to help me swallow them) ?   你能给我杯水让我把药丸吞服下去吗？
REACH  
 IMPROVER  
■to reach or go as far as    到达；延伸到；伸展到
Its roots can go down three metres.   它的根可以扎到地下三米。
This path goes down to the river.   这条路一直通到河边。
Go down to (= Read as far as) the bottom of the page.   一直读到这一页的最后一行。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go down 
SUN  
 IMPROVER  
■When the sun goes down, it moves down in the sky until it cannot be seen any more 
  （太阳）落山，落到地平线以下
On summer evenings we would sit on the verandah and watch the sun go down.   在夏天的傍晚，我们常坐在露台看日落。
BE REDUCED  
 IMPROVER  
■to be reduced in price, value, amount, quality, level or size    下降；降低；减少；减弱
The temperature went down to minus ten last night.   昨晚气温降到了零下十度。
The company's shares went down 7p to 53p.   公司的股价下跌了7便士至53便士。
The swelling's gone down but there's still a lot of bruising.   肿消了，但青瘀还是很厉害。
He went down in my estimation when he started trying to be a singer as well as an actor.   除了做演员，他又开始试图当歌手，这使我对他的看法不如以前了。
BE REMEMBERED  
■to be remembered or recorded in a particular way    被记住；被记下；载入
Hurricane Katrina will go down in the record books as the costliest storm ever faced by insurers.   飓风卡翠纳是对保险公司造成损失最为严重的一次暴风雨，它将因此而被载入“记录大全”。
BE RECEIVED  
■to be received in a particular way    接受；引起某种反应
I think my speech went down rather well , don't you?   我觉得我的演讲回响不错，你不这样认为吗？
LOSE  
■to lose or be defeated    输；被打败
England's unbeaten run of ten games ended last night when they went down 4-2 to France.   英格兰队昨晚未能延续一连十场不败的战绩，他们被法国队以四比二打败。
Dictators rarely go down without a fight.   不战斗几乎是不可能使独裁者垮台的。
PRISON     UK slang 
■to be put in prison    坐牢，入狱
She went down for three years for her part in the robbery.   她因为参与抢劫坐了三年监。
COMPUTER  
■If a computer system goes down, it stops working 
  （电脑系统）出故障，死机
The battery should prevent the computer system from going down in the event of a power cut.   这块电池可以防止电脑系统在停电时停止运行。
HAPPEN     US slang 
■If an event such as a crime or a deal goes down, it happens    发生；进行
I tried to tell Tyrell what was going down, but he wouldn't listen.   我试图将所发生的一切告诉提瑞尔，可他不听。
LEAVE     UK old-fashioned 
■If you go down from a college or university, especially Oxford University or Cambridge University, you leave either permanently or for a holiday. 
  （尤指从牛津大学或剑桥大学毕业或上学期间放假时）离校UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go down on sb slang 
■to use the tongue and lips to touch someone's sexual organs in order to give pleasure    对（某人）进行口交UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go down with sth (also come down with sth) UK 
■to start to suffer from an infectious disease    患（传染病）；感染上（…病）
Half of Martha's class has gone down with flu.   玛莎班上有一半的学生患了流感。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go for sb 
■to attack someone    袭击（某人）；攻击（某人)
Their dog had to be put to sleep after it went for the postwoman.   他们家的狗咬了那个女邮差，他们只好对它实施了安乐死。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go for sth 
CHOOSE  
■to choose something    选择
Instead of butter, I always go for margarine or a low-fat spread.   我总是选择人造奶油或低脂肪的面包酱以代替奶油。
LIKE  
■to like or admire    喜欢；倾心于
I don't go for war films in a big way (= very much).   我不大喜欢战争片。
What sort of men do you go for (= are you attracted to) ?   你喜欢甚么类型的男人？
TRY  
■to try to have or achieve something    试图得到；努力争取
She tripped me as I went for the ball.   我在拼抢球的时候，她把我绊倒了。
Are you planning to go for that scholarship to Harvard University?   你打算争取拿那笔奖学金上哈佛大学吗？
The Russian relay team will again be going for the gold medal at the Olympic Games.   俄罗斯接力队将会再次为夺得奥运会金牌而拼搏。
MONEY  
■If something goes for a certain amount of money, it is sold for that amount    卖得（某价格），售价为
The painting is expected to go for at least a million dollars.   这幅油画预计至少要卖100万美元。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go in 
ENTER  
 ESSENTIAL  
■to enter a place    进入；进去
I looked through the window, but I didn't actually go in.   我透过窗户望向里面，但是并没有进去。
BECOME HIDDEN  
■If the sun goes in, it becomes hidden from view by clouds. 
  （太阳）被云遮住
BE UNDERSTOOD     mainly UK informal 
■If a fact or piece of information goes in, you understand it or remember it    被理解；被领会；被记住
No matter how many times you tell him something, it never seems to go in.   一件事不管你告诉他多少次，他好像就是永远也听不明白。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go in for sth 
ENJOY  
■to do something regularly, or to enjoy something    从事；爱好，喜欢
I've never really gone in for classical music, but I love jazz.   我从来没有真正对古典音乐产生过兴趣，但是我喜欢爵士乐。
COMPETE  
■to take part in a competition    参加（竞赛）
Are you planning to go in for the 100 metres race?   你打算参加100米赛跑吗？UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go into sth 
START  
 ADVANCED  
■to start doing a particular type of work    开始从事（某职业）；进入（某行业）
My son's planning to go into journalism.   我儿子打算从事新闻业。
She's decided to go into business as a freelance computer programmer.   她已决定从事自由职业，当一名电脑程式师。
 ADVANCED  
■to start an activity, or start to be in a particular state or condition    开始（从事某种活动）；开始进入（某种状态）
The drug is still being tested and will not go into commercial production for at least two years.   这种药物仍处于试验阶段，至少两年内还不会投入商业生产。
How many companies have gone into liquidation/receivership during the current recession?   在当前的经济衰退形势下，已有多少家公司破产／处于破产衰退的状态？
Repeated death threats have forced them to go into hiding.   他们一再收到死亡威胁，只好躲藏起来。
Her baby was born three hours after she went into labour.   她分娩了三个小时生下了孩子。
Some of the fans seemed to go into a trance when she appeared on stage.   当她出现在舞台上时，她的一些崇拜者好像着了魔一样。
DISCUSS  
 ADVANCED  
■to discuss, examine, describe or explain something in a detailed or careful way 
  （认真仔细地）讨论，研究，描述，解释
This is the first book to go into her personal life as well as her work.   这是第一本不仅深入研究她的作品而且还详细叙述她的个人生活的书。
I'd rather not go into that now. Can we discuss it later?   我现在不想详细谈论那个问题，我们以后再讨论它好不好？
I'm unable to go into detail(s) at this stage because I still have very little information about how the accident happened.   现在我不能作详细说明，因为对于事故发生的原因我还知道得很少。
BE USED     mainly UK


go 4	* If time, money or effort goes into a product or activity, it is used when producing or doing it 
（时间、金钱、精力等）花在…上，投入…，用于…
A considerable amount of time and effort has gone into this exhibition.   相当多的时间和精力被投入到这次展会上。
HIT  
■If a vehicle goes into something such as a tree or a wall, it hits it    撞上（树或墙等）
Their car was travelling at 50 miles an hour when it went into the tree.   他们的车撞到树上的时候，车速是每小时50英里。    Compare collideUK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go off 
STOP WORKING  
 ESSENTIAL  
■If a light or a machine goes off, it stops working 
  （电灯）熄灭；（机器）停止运行，停止运转
The lights went off in several villages because of the storm.   这场暴风雨造成了几个村庄停电。
EXPLODE  
 IMPROVER  
■If a bomb goes off, it explodes    爆炸
The bomb went off at midday.   炸弹在中午爆炸。
■If a gun goes off, it fires 
  （枪）走火，开火
His gun went off accidentally.   他的枪不小心走火了。
FOOD  
 ADVANCED  UK 
■If food or drink goes off, it is not good to eat or drink any more because it is too old 
  （食物、饮料等）变质，变坏，腐败
This bacon smells a bit funny - do you think it's gone off?   这块烟肉闻起来有点怪怪的——你觉得它是不是变质了？
⇨ See also off (BAD)
NOISE  
 ADVANCED  
■If a warning device goes off, it starts to ring loudly or make a loud noise 
  （警报器等）突然发出巨响
The alarm should go off automatically as soon as smoke is detected.   警报器一旦测出有烟就会自动鸣响。
Didn't you hear your alarm clock going off this morning?   今天早上你没听到你的闹钟响吗？
LEAVE  
■to leave a place and go somewhere else    离开
She's gone off to the pub with Tony   她和托尼一起去了酒吧。
HAPPEN  
■to happen in a particular way    发生；进展
The protest march went off peacefully.   抗议示威游行是和平进行的。
BECOME WORSE     UK 
■to become worse in quality 
  （质量）变劣，下降
That paper's really gone off since they got that new editor.   那份报纸自从换了那个新主编后，可读性大大降低。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go off sb/sth  ADVANCED  
■to stop liking or being interested in someone or something    不再喜欢；对…不再感兴趣
I went off beefburgers after I got food poisoning from a take-away.   我吃外卖食品食物中毒后就不再对汉堡包感兴趣了。
I went off Peter when he said those dreadful things about Clare.   我不再喜欢彼得了，因为他说了克莱尔那些坏话。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go off with sb 
■to leave a wife, husband or partner in order to have a sexual or romantic relationship with someone else    移情别恋于（某人）
Did you know that Hugh had gone off with his sister-in-law?   你知不知道休抛弃了女朋友，跟他的嫂子在一起了？UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go off with sth 
■to take something without getting permission from the owner first    擅自拿走
I do wish you'd stop going off with my car without asking me beforehand.   你连个招呼都不打就开走我的车，我真希望你不要再这样了。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go on 
HAPPEN  
 IMPROVER  
■to happen    进行；发生
I'm sure we never hear about a lot of what goes on in government.   我肯定，政府内部发生的很多事情我们永远也不会听说。
This war has been going on for years.   这场战争已经持续好几年了。
CONTINUE  
 IMPROVER  
■to continue or move to the next thing    继续做； （做完一件事）接下来继续做（另一件事）
Please go on with what you're doing and don't let us interrupt you.   请继续做你的事情，不要因为我们而中断。
[+ -ing verb] We really can't go on living like this - we'll have to find a bigger house.   我们真的不能再这样生活下去——我们必须要找间大些的房子。
[+ to infinitive] She admitted her company's responsibility for the disaster and went on to explain how compensation would be paid to the victims.   她承认其公司对灾难的发生负有责任，然后又进一步说明了如何对受害者进行赔偿。
What proportion of people who are HIV-positive go on to develop (= later develop) AIDS?   HIV 检测呈阳性者中有多大比例的人会继续发展成为爱滋病病人？
If you go on (= continue behaving) like this you won't have any friends left at all.   如果你继续这样，你一个朋友都留不住。
OPERATE  
 IMPROVER  
■to start operating    开始运转
The spotlights go on automatically when an intruder is detected in the garden.   当探测到有人闯入花园时，聚光灯会自动打开。
When does the heating go on?   甚么时候开始暖起来？
TALK AGAIN  
 IMPROVER  
■to start talking again after a pause 
  （停顿后）继续说，接着讲
She paused to light another cigarette and then went on with her account of the accident.   她停下来又点了一支烟，然后继续述说那次事故。
[+ speech] "What I want more than anything else, " he went on, "is a house in the country with a large garden for the children to play in."   “我最想要的。”他接着说，“是一座乡村宅院，里面有个大花园能让孩子们在里面玩。”
■informal 
■something that you say to encourage someone to say or do something 
  （用于鼓励）来吧，继续
Go on, what happened next?   继续说，接着又发生了甚么呢？
TALK A LOT  
 ADVANCED  UK 
■to talk in an annoying way about something for a long time    唠叨；没完没了地讲
I just wish he'd stop going on about how brilliant his daughter is." "Yes, he does go on (a bit) , doesn't he?"   “我真希望他不要再喋喋不休地说他女儿有多聪明。”“对，他是（有点儿）唠叨，是不是？”
I wish you'd stop going on at (= criticizing repeatedly) me about my haircut.   我希望你不要再没完没了地批评我的发型了。
PLEASE DO  
 ADVANCED  
■used when encouraging or asking someone to do something 
  （用于鼓励或请求）继续，来吧
Go on, have another drink.   来，再来一杯。
"I don't really feel like seeing a film tonight." "Oh go on. We haven't been to the cinema for ages."   “我今晚真的不想去看电影。”“哎呀，来吧。我们都好长时间没去过电影院了。”
AGREE     informal 
■something that you say in order to agree to do or allow something that you did not want to do or to allow before 
  （表示改变想法，同意做原来不想做的事）那好吧，也可以
"Are you sure you don't want another slice of cake?" "Oh go on then , but just a small one."   “你真的不想再吃一块蛋糕了吗？”“那好吧，但给我一块小的。”
TIME  
■to continue or pass    持续；（时间）流逝，过去
Tomorrow will start cold but it should get warmer as the day goes on.   明天就开始冷了，但是随着日子一天天过去，又会转暖一些。
As the evening went on it became clear that we should never have agreed to see each other again.   那个晚上，随着时间一分分过去，我们都明白了，我们真不应该答应对方再次又见面的。
NOT BELIEVE  
Go on!    mainly UK old-fashioned 
■used when you do not believe someone 
  （表示不相信）行了！ 得了！UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go on sth 
■to use a piece of information in order to help you discover or understand something    凭…作出判断；以…为依据
I'm only going on what I overheard him saying to Chris, but I think he's planning to leave next month.   我是仅凭无意中听到他跟克里斯说的一些话作出的判断。但是我觉得他打算下个月离开。
The investigation has only just started so the police haven't got much to go on at the moment.   调查才刚刚开始，所以现在警方还没有找到多少线索。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go out 
LEAVE  
 ESSENTIAL  
■to leave a room or building, especially in order to do something for entertainment 
  （尤指为了去娱乐）外出；出门参加社交活动，外出交际
Please close the door as you go out.   你出去玩的时候请把门关上。
Do you fancy going out for a meal after work?   你下了班想不想到外面吃餐饭？
It's terribly smoky in here - I'm just going out for a breath of fresh air.   这里面乌烟瘴气的——我只是出去呼吸一下新鲜空气。
[+ -ing verb] I wish you'd spend more time at home instead of going out drinking with your friends every night.   我希望你能多留在家里，而不是每天晚上都跑出去跟朋友喝酒。
RELATIONSHIP  
 ADVANCED  
■to have a romantic and usually sexual relationship with someone 
  （与某人）谈恋爱（通常有性关系）
How long have you been going out with him?   你跟他恋爱有多长时间了？
They'd been going out (together/with each other) for almost five years before he moved in with her.   在他搬过来和她同居之前，他们已经谈了将近五年恋爱。
SEA  
 ADVANCED  
■If the tide goes out, it moves back and covers less of the beach.    退潮；落潮    Compare come in 
LIGHT/FIRE  
■If a light or something that is burning goes out, it stops producing light or heat.    熄灭
When I woke up the fire had gone out.   当我醒来时，火已经熄了。
SPORT     UK 
■to lose when you are playing in a sports competition, so that you must stop playing in the competition 
  （在比赛中）被淘汰，出局
England went out to France in the second round of the championship.   锦标赛第二轮比赛中英格兰队被法国队淘汰出局。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go out to sb 
■If your thoughts or sympathies go out to someone in a difficult or sad situation, you think of them and feel sorry for them    同情（某人）
Our deepest sympathies go out to her husband and children.   我们深切同情她的丈夫和孩子。UK verb (going, went, gone)


go 5	  Phrasal Verbs   go over 
US for 
■go down (BE RECEIVED) UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go over sth 
EXAMINE  
 ADVANCED  
■to examine or look at something in a careful or detailed way    仔细检查；仔细审查；仔细察看
Forensic scientists are going over the victim's flat in a search for clues about the murderer.   法医学家正在仔细检查受害人的公寓，以搜寻杀人凶手的蛛丝马迹。
Remember to go over your essay checking for grammar and spelling mistakes before you hand it in to me.   记住在把论文交给我之前，要仔细检查一下文法和拼写错误。
I've gone over the problem several times, but I can't think of a solution.   这道数学题我审了好几遍题，但就是想不出怎样解决。
STUDY  
 ADVANCED  
■to study or explain something    温习；重复
I always go over my revision notes just before I go into an exam.   我在参加考试前总是会把复习笔记重温一遍。
Could you go over the main points of your argument again, Professor?   教授，您可否重述一下您的主要论点？UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go over to sth 
■to change to something new or to a new way of doing things    采用，改用（新的事物或做法）
Many motorists are going over from leaded to unleaded fuel.   很多驾车者正在放弃含铅汽油而改用无铅汽油。
She went over (= changed her support) to the Democrats at the last election.   上次大选中她倒向了民主党。
■to change to another broadcaster or place of broadcast 
  （广播时）切换到（另一人物或地点）
We're now going over to Kate Adie speaking live from Baghdad.   下面我们来看凯特‧阿迪从巴格达发回的现场报导。
Later in this bulletin we will be going over to our Westminster studio for an update on the situation.   稍后本新闻快报节目将切换到威斯敏斯特广播室，在那里为您报导事态的最新消息。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go round UK (US go around) 
SPIN  
 ESSENTIAL  
■to spin like a wheel    旋转；转动    Compare revolve ; rotate 
BE ENOUGH  
 ADVANCED  
■If there is enough of something to go round, there is enough for everyone in a group of people    满足大家的需要；足够分给每个人；人人能分到
Are there enough pencils to go round?   铅笔够分吗？
BEHAVE BADLY  
 ADVANCED  
■to spend your time behaving in the stated way    习惯于（以某种方式行事）
[+ -ing verb] You can't go round being rude to people.   你不能老是对人这样粗暴。
VISIT  
 ADVANCED  
■to visit someone in their home    走访；拜访；访问
I'm just going round to Martha's for half an hour.   我正要到玛莎家去坐半小时。
Why didn't you tell me Perry had been round?   为甚么你不告诉我佩里来过我们家？UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go round sth UK (US go around) 
■to travel to all, or the main, parts of a place that you are visiting in order to find out what it is like or to learn about it    参观
For a few weeks in the summer, visitors are able to go round Buckingham Palace.   每年夏季中有几个星期， 游人可以进入白金汉宫参观。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go round (somewhere) UK (US go around (somewhere)) 
■to go or be given from one person to another, or to move from one place to another 
  （在某些人或某些地方）传递，流传，传播
A nasty flu bug's going round (the school) at the moment.   眼下一种传染性很强的流感病毒正在（学校）传播。
There's a rumour going round (the village) that they're having an affair.   （村里）有传言说他们之间关系暧昧。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go through 
■If a law, plan or deal goes through, it is officially accepted or approved.    获得正式认可；被批准；被通过
A council spokeswoman said that the proposals for the new shopping centre were unlikely to go through.   政务委员会的女发言人说，修建新购物中心的计划不可能获得通过。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go through sth 
EXPERIENCE  
 IMPROVER  
■to experience a difficult or unpleasant situation    遭受，经历，经受（苦难等）
I've been going through a bad patch recently.   近来这一段时间我日子过得不好。
You'd think his children would be more sympathetic towards him after all he's gone through (= the many bad things he has experienced).   也许你会觉得，在他经历过这一切苦难后，他的子女们会对他多些同情。
EXAMINE  
 ADVANCED  
■to examine something which contains a collection of things carefully in order to organize them or find something    仔细察看；仔细检查；仔细审查
I'm going through my wardrobe and throwing out all the clothes I don't wear any more.   我要把衣柜彻底清理一下，把不穿的衣服都找出来扔掉。
Remember to go through the pockets before you put those trousers in the washing machine.   在把裤子放进洗衣机之前，要记着仔细翻翻裤袋。
PRACTISE  
■to do something in order to practise or as a test    练习；排练
I'd like you to go through that manoeuvre again and then bring the car to a halt.   请你把那个动作再练一遍，然后停车。
USE  
■to use a lot of something    大量使用
Before I gave up smoking I was going through 40 cigarettes a day.   我没戒烟时一天要抽40支香烟。
I went through a hundred quid on my last trip to London.   我上一次去伦敦旅游花掉了100英镑。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go through with sth 
■to do something unpleasant or difficult that has already been agreed or promised    照原先答应（或承诺）的去做；做完（令人不快或困难的事情）；将…进行到底
He'd threatened to divorce her but I never thought he'd go through with it.   他曾经威胁要和她离婚，但是我从不认为他真的会付诸行动。
The company has decided not to go through with the takeover of its smaller rival.   这家公司已经决定放弃收购较小竞争对手的计划。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go to sb 
■to be given or sold to someone    授予（某人）；由（某人）得到；出售给（某人）
Who did the award for Best Actress go to?   谁获得了最佳女演员奖？
All the money raised will go to charity.   所有筹款都将用于慈善事业。
The painting went to the highest bidder.   这幅油画被出价最高的人买下。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go together 
LOOK GOOD  
 ADVANCED  
■to look good together    相配；协调；搭配
Do you think the cream dress and the blue jacket go together?   你认为这条米色的连衣裙和这件蓝色的短上衣配吗？    Compare match ; suit 
BE FOUND  
■to happen or be found together    伴随发生；共存
Wisdom and maturity don't necessarily go together.   有智不在年高，年成未必有智。
Researchers have discovered that short-sightedness and high IQs seem to go together in children.   研究人员发现好像近视儿童智商高。
RELATIONSHIP     informal 
■If two people are going together, they have a romantic or sexual relationship with each other.    谈恋爱；有性关系UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go under 
SINK  
■to sink    沉下去，沉没
The ship went under just minutes after the last passenger had been rescued.   最后一名乘客获救后仅几分钟轮船就沉没了。
FAIL  
■If a company goes under, it fails financially    破产；倒闭；垮掉
The charity will go under unless a generous donor can be found within the next few months.   除非能在今后几个月中找到一位捐赠者慷慨解囊，否则这家慈善机构将会倒闭。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go up 
RISE  
 ESSENTIAL  
■to move higher, rise or increase    升高；上升；上涨；增长
The average cost of a new house has gone up by 5% to £276 500.   每套新房的平均成本上涨了5%，达到了76500英镑。
EXPLODE  
■to suddenly explode    爆炸
There's a gas leak and the whole building could go up at any moment.   发生了煤气泄漏，整座大楼随时都有爆炸的危险。
BE FIXED  
■If a sign goes up, it is fixed into position 
  （告示牌等）被竖立；（公告等）被张贴
The new 'No Parking' signs went up yesterday.   昨天刚立了一批“禁止停车”的告示牌。
BUILD  
■If a building goes up, it is built    被建造起来，拔地而起：
A new factory is going up on the old airport.   在旧机场的位置正在兴建一座新工厂。
UNIVERSITY     UK old-fashioned 
■If you go up to a college or university, especially Oxford University or Cambridge University, you begin studying there, or continue studying after a holiday.    上大学，（假期结束后）返回大学（尤指牛津大学或剑桥大学）UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go up to sth  ADVANCED  
■to reach as far as something    到达；延伸到   


go 6	1. The path going up to the back door is very muddy.
 通向后门的小路满地烂泥。
This edition's rather out-of-date and only goes up to 1989.   这个版本相当过时了，它的内容仅覆盖到1989年。UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go with sth 
SUIT  
 ESSENTIAL  
■If one thing goes with another, they suit each other or they look or taste good together    与…相配；与…协调；与…和谐
This wine goes particularly well with seafood.   喝这种葡萄酒吃海鲜最合适。
I'm not sure that this hat really goes with this dress.   我不清楚这顶帽子是不是真的配这条连衣裙。    Compare match ; suit 
RESULT  
■If a problem, activity or quality goes with another one, they often happen or exist together and the first thing is often caused by the second    和…一起存在；是…的结果
[+ -ing verb] What are the main health problems that go with smoking ?   抽烟引起的主要健康问题是甚么？UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go with sb informal 
■to have a romantic or sexual relationship with someone    与（某人）谈恋爱；与（某人）有性关系
Did he ever go with anyone else while they were living together?   他们在一起生活的时候，他有没有和别人发生过关系？UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go with sb/sth informal 
■to accept an idea or agree with a person    同意；接受；与…意见一致
I think we can go with the advertising agency's suggestions, don't you?   我觉得我们可以采纳广告商的建议，你觉得呢？UK verb (going, went, gone)
  Phrasal Verbs   go without (sth)  ADVANCED  
■to not have something or to manage to live despite not having something    没有…而勉强应付；没有…也行；不享受；放弃
If you don't want fish for dinner, then you'll just have to go without!   如果你晚饭不想吃鱼，那你就只好将就点了！
I'd rather go without food than work for him.   我宁可饿肚子也不为他工作。UK noun (plural goes)
ATTEMPT  尝试  
 IMPROVER  countable (US usually try) 
■an attempt to do something    尝试
Georgina passed her driving test (on her) first go.   乔治娜考驾驶执照一次就通过了。
"This jar is impossible to open." "Here, let me have a go."   “这个罐子没法打开。”“来，让我试一试。”
I want to have a go at finishing my essay tonight.   我想试试看今晚能不能把论文写完。
We can't do the work all in one go (= all at the same time).   我们不可能一蹴而就，一下完成工作。
make a go of sth (US usually try) 
■to try to make something succeed, usually by working hard 
  （通常指透过努力工作）使成功
She's really making a go of her new antique shop.   她新开的古董店经营得很不错。
I can't see him ever making a go of accountancy.   我觉得会计这工作他永远也做不好。UK noun (plural goes)
OPPORTUNITY  机会  
 IMPROVER  countable (US usually turn) 
■an opportunity to play in a game, or to do or use something 
  （游戏等中）轮到的机会
Hey, it's Ken's go now! You've just had your go.   嗨，现在轮到肯了！你刚玩过。
Please can I have a go (= can I ride) on your bike?   我能骑骑你的脚踏车吗？
I'll have a go at driving for a while if you're tired.   如果你累了，我来替你开一会儿车。UK noun (plural goes)
CRITICIZE  批评  
have a go at sb UK 
■to criticize someone    指责；数落
My Dad's always having a go at me about getting a proper job.   我爸爸总是指责我不找份正经的工作做。UK noun (plural goes)
ENERGY  精力  
uncountable 
■the condition of being energetic and active    劲头；干劲；精力；活力
You're full of go this morning.   今天早上你精力充沛。
He doesn't have much go about him, does he?   他无精打采的，不是吗？
⇨ See also get-up-and-goUK noun (plural goes)
be no go informal 
■to be impossible or not effective, or to not happen    不可能；没有用；办不到；不成功
They tried for hours to get her to come down from the roof, but it was no go.   他们花了好几个小时的工夫想把她从房顶上弄下来，还是没成功。
The launch was no go due to the weather.   因为天气原因发射没有成功。



★☆☆   goad
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to make a person or an animal react or do something by continuously annoying or upsetting them 
  （不停地）招惹，激怒；刺激；驱使
Will the pressure applied by environmentalists be enough to goad the industrialized nations into using less fossil fuels?   环保主义者们施加的压力能使工业化国家减少矿物燃料的消耗量么？
He refused to be goaded by their insults.   他对他们的侮辱不屑一顾。
The team were goaded on by their desire to be first to complete the course.   这个队想要第一个完成航行，这激励着他们不停地努力。
A group of children were goading (= laughing at or pushing) another child in the school playground.   一群小朋友正在学校操场上嘲弄推撞另外一个孩子。



★☆☆   go-ahead
—————————————————
UK noun only singular 
■when permission is given for someone to start doing something or for an event or activity to happen 
  （有关当局）认可，许可
The government has given the go-ahead for a multi-billion pound road-building project.   政府已经批准了一个投资数十亿英镑的道路修建工程。
We're ready to start but we're still waiting to get the go-ahead from our head office.   我们一切准备就绪，但仍在等着得到总部的许可。
⇨ See also go ahead at go.UK adjective 
■enthusiastic about using new products and modern methods of doing things    进取心的；有开拓精神的
We have a flexitime system and crèche facilities and like to think of ourselves as a go-ahead employer.   我们公司实行弹性工作时间制，还设有照顾员工子女的日托中心，并将自己定位为一家富于开拓精神的公司。



★☆☆   goal
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
SPORT  体育  
 ESSENTIAL  
■an area on a playing field, that usually has two posts with a net fixed behind them, where players try to send the ball in order to score in sports such as football and hockey 
  （足球或曲棍球等的）球门
Black kicked/headed the ball into/towards the goal.   布莱克把球踢／顶进／向球门。
 ESSENTIAL  
■a point scored in some sports, such as football or hockey , when a player gets the ball into this area 
  （足球或曲棍球等的）射门，进球得分
Brazil won by three goals to one.   巴西队以三比一获胜。
Only one goal was scored in the entire match.   整场比赛只进了一个球。
be/play in goal    UK 
■to be the player who tries to prevent the other team from scoring goals    做守门员；守门
Who is playing in goal for Milan this evening?   今晚比赛米兰队的守门员是谁？UK noun countable 
AIM  目标  
 ESSENTIAL  
■an aim or purpose    目标；目的
Our goal is for the country to be fully independent within two years.   我们的目标是在两年之内实现这个国家的完全独立。
They have set themselves a series of goals to achieve by the end of the month.   他们为自己制定了月底前要完成的一系列目标。
Do you think I'll be able to achieve my goal of losing 5 kilos before the summer?   我要在夏天来到前减肥五公斤，你认为我能达到这个目标吗？



★☆☆   goalkeeper
—————————————————
UK US UK (informal goalie) (US goaltender) 
noun countable 
 IMPROVER  
■the player who stands in the team's goal to try to stop the other team from scoring    守门员



★☆☆   goalless
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■without any goals being scored    零比零的；无进球的
The match ended in a goalless draw.   比赛最后零比零打和告终。



★☆☆   goal line 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the line between the two posts that mark the goal, over which the ball must pass if a point is to be scored    球门线



★☆☆   goalmouth
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the area exactly in front of the goal    球门口



★☆☆   goalpost
—————————————————
UK US  (also post) (UK also upright) 
noun countable 
■in some sports, one of the two vertical posts, often painted white, which are connected with a crossbar to form a goal    球门柱UK US  (also post) (UK also upright) 
noun countable 
move the goalposts UK informal disapproving 
■to change the rules while someone is trying to do something in order to make it more difficult for them    改变规则，改变条件（使某人为难）
We'd almost signed the contract when the other guys moved the goalposts and said they wanted more money.   我们几乎就要签合同了，可就在这时对方那些人又出了难题，说他们要加价。



★☆☆   goalscorer
—————————————————
UK US mainly UK 
noun countable 
■a person who scores goals for their team in games such as football    得分球员；得分射手；得分者
Matthew Le Tissier was Southampton's leading/top goalscorer that season.   马修‧勒蒂西耶是那个赛季南安普敦队的主要／头号得分手。



★☆☆   goaltender
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the person who stands in goal in ice hockey (= a game played by two teams on ice) and tries to stop the opposing team from scoring 
  （冰上曲棍球）守门员
US    * a goalkeeper 



★☆☆   goanna
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a type of large lizard which is common in Australia 
  （澳大利亚的）巨蜥



★☆☆   goat
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
ANIMAL  动物  
 ADVANCED  
■an animal which is related to sheep, which usually has horns, and which lives wild on mountains or is kept on farms to provide milk, meat, wool, etc    山羊
goat's milk/cheese   山羊奶／羊起司UK noun countable 
MAN  男人     informal disapproving 
■a man who is very active sexually, or would like to be and makes it obvious    色狼，色鬼；淫荡的人
an old goat   老色鬼UK noun countable 
act/play the goat UK informal 
■to behave in a silly way    做傻瓜；做蠢事
Stop acting the goat!   别再做蠢事了！UK noun countable 
get sb's goat (Australian also get on sb's goat) informal 
■to very much annoy someone    使（某人）大为恼怒
That sort of attitude really gets my goat.   那种态度实在是让我发火。



★☆☆   goatee
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a small usually pointed beard grown only on the chin, not the cheeks    山羊胡子



★☆☆   goatherd
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who takes care of a flock (= group) of goats    牧羊人，羊倌



★☆☆   goatskin
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■the skin of a single goat, or leather made from the skin    山羊皮；山羊皮革



★☆☆   gob
—————————————————
UK US  UK slang 
noun countable 
■a mouth    嘴
keep your gob shut UK 
■to not say anything    闭嘴，住嘴
You'd better keep your gob shut about what happened.   你最好对所发生的事情甚么也别说。UK US  UK slang 
verb intransitive (-bb-)
■to force out the contents of the mouth, usually saliva ; to spit    吐出，啐出（通常指唾液）



★☆☆   gobbet
—————————————————
UK US  informal 
noun countable 
■a small piece or lump of something, especially food    一小片，一小块（尤指食物）



★☆☆   gobble
—————————————————
UK verb 
EAT  吃  
intransitive or transitive informal 
■to eat food too fast    狼吞虎咽，大口大口地吃
She gobbled her dinner (down/up).   她狼吞虎咽地吃完了晚饭。UK verb 
MAKE NOISE  发出噪音  
intransitive 
■to make the sound of a male turkey 
  （雄火鸡）咯咯叫UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   gobble sth up informal 
■to gobble    大口吞食；狼吞虎咽
■to use a lot of your supply of something, usually money    很快地用掉（通常指钱）
The mounting legal costs quickly gobbled up their savings.   日益增加的诉讼费很快耗尽了他们的积蓄。




★☆☆   gobbledegook
—————————————————
(also gobbledygook) UK noun uncountable informal disapproving 
■language, especially used in official letters, forms and statements, which seems difficult or to mean nothing because you do not understand it 
  （尤指公文用语中）复杂而无实质内容的语言，冗长而费解的文字；官样文章
This computer manual is complete gobbledegook.   这本电脑使用手册完全是本天书。



★☆☆   go-between
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who takes messages between people who are unable or unwilling to meet    中间人；掮客
The ambassador has offered to act as a go-between for the two countries involved in the conflict.   大使主动提出愿在发生冲突的两国间担当中间人。



★☆☆   goblet
—————————————————
UK US  mainly old use 
noun countable 
■a container from which drink, especially wine, is drunk, usually made of glass or metal, and with a stem and a base but no handles 
  （尤指盛酒的，通常用玻璃或金属做的）无柄高脚杯



★☆☆   goblin
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■(in stories) a small, usually ugly, creature which is harmful to humans 
  （故事中通常很丑陋且祸害人的）小妖精，小妖怪
⇨ See also hobgoblin



★☆☆   gobsmacked
—————————————————
UK US  UK informal 
adjective 
■so shocked that you cannot speak    瞠目结舌的；目瞪口呆的
He was gobsmacked when he heard of the redundancies.   当他听到裁员的消息时惊得目瞪口呆。



★☆☆   gobstopper
—————————————————
UK US UK (US jawbreaker) 
noun countable 
■a large round hard sweet which often has different coloured layers 
  （彩色）大糖球



★☆☆   go-cart
—————————————————
(UK also go-kart) UK noun countable 
■a small low car used for racing, or a toy car which you operate with your feet    微型赛车；（用脚蹬着走的）玩具车



★☆☆   go-carting
—————————————————
(UK also go-karting) UK noun uncountable 
■racing in go-carts    微型赛车运动



★☆☆   God
—————————————————
UK noun [S not after the] 
 ESSENTIAL  
■(in especially Christian, Jewish and Muslim belief) the being which made the universe, the Earth and its people and is believed to have an effect on all things 
  （尤指基督教、犹太教和伊斯兰教中的）上帝，天主，真主
Do you believe in God?   你信上帝吗？UK noun [S not after the] 
(Oh my) God! informal 
■used to emphasize how surprised, angry, shocked, etc. you are 
  （惊奇、愤怒或震惊时用于加强语气）（我的）天哪！
My God, what a mess!   我的天哪，这么乱！
Oh my God, I've never seen anything like it!   我的天哪，我从没有见过那样的事情！UK noun [S not after the] 
God helps those who help themselves. saying 
■said to show you believe that if you make an effort to achieve something, you will be successful    助己者，天助之UK noun [S not after the] 
God knows informal 
■used to emphasize that you do not understand something at all or have no knowledge of something at all 
  （用于强调不理解或不知道某事）天晓得
God knows wh ere he's put the keys!   天晓得他把锁匙放在哪里！
"What did he mean by that?" "God knows!"   “他说那话是甚么意思呢？”“天晓得！”UK noun [S not after the] 
God willing 
■used to say you hope everything happens in the way you want 
  （表示希望事情如愿以偿）如果是天意，如上帝许可，如一切顺利
We'll be there tomorrow, God willing!   如果一切顺利的话，我们明天就会到那里！UK noun [S not after the] 
hope/wish/swear to God informal 
■used for emphasis 
  （用于强调）真的希望／衷心希望／向天发誓
I hope to God (that) he turns up.   我真希望他能露面。
I swear to God (that) I didn't know about it.   我向天发誓我对此一无所知。UK noun [S not after the] 
thank God informal 
■something you say when you are happy because something bad did not happen 
  （表示因为坏事没有发生而高兴）谢天谢地
Thank God nobody was hurt in the accident.   谢天谢地，事故中没有人受伤。
Oh, there's my wallet. Thank God.   哦，我的钱包在那里，谢天谢地。UK noun [S not after the] 
There is a God! humorous 
■said in a bad situation when something good happens unexpectedly 
  （用于在不好的形势下出现转机时）天助我也！老天有眼！



★☆☆   god
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
SPIRIT  神灵  
 IMPROVER  
■a spirit or being believed to control some part of the universe or life and often worshipped for doing so, or a representation of this spirit or being 
  （主宰某个领域的）神；神像
the ancient Greek gods and goddesses   古希腊的男女众神UK noun countable 
ADMIRED PERSON  尊崇的人  
 IMPROVER  
■someone who is very important to you, who you admire very much, and who strongly influences you 
  （对某人来说）被极度尊崇的人，被崇拜的偶像
His most devoted fans think of Elvis Presley as a sort of god.   在大多数忠实的崇拜者心目中，艾维斯．普里斯莱（猫王）就像是一个神。UK noun countable 
THEATRE  剧院  
the gods [plural]    UK informal 
■the seats in a theatre which are at the highest level and the furthest distance from the stage 
  （剧院中的）顶层楼座，最高楼座UK noun countable 
 Those whom the gods love die young. literary saying 
■sometimes said when someone has died young    英年早逝



★☆☆   god-awful
—————————————————
UK US  informal 
adjective 
■very bad, difficult or unpleasant    令人憎恶的；难得要命的；糟透的
That was a god-awful meal.   那餐饭难吃死了。



★☆☆   godchild
—————————————————
UK US  (plural godchildren)
noun countable 
■in the Christian religion, a child whose moral and religious development is partly the responsibility of two or more godparents (= adults who promise to take this responsibility at a ceremony)    教子；教女



★☆☆   goddamn
—————————————————
mainly US very informal (ALSO US also God damn) (also goddamned) (also goddam) UK exclamation adjective adverb 
■used to add emphasis to what is being said 
  （用于强调）该死，讨厌；极其，十足
Goddamn (it) , how much longer will it take?   该死，这还要再花多长时间？
Don't drive so goddamn fast!   别他妈的开这么快！
⇨ See also damn



★☆☆   goddaughter
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a female godchild    教女



★☆☆   goddess
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a female god    女神
Aphrodite was the ancient Greek goddess of love.   爱芙罗黛蒂是古希腊神话中的爱神。



★☆☆   godfather
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a male godparent    教父
■the leader of a criminal group, especially a mafia family 
  （犯罪组织的，尤指黑手党家族中的）头号人物，首领



★☆☆   god-fearing
—————————————————
UK  US old use 
adjective 
■Someone who is god-fearing is religious and tries to live in the way they believe God would wish them to.    虔诚的；敬神的；敬畏上帝的



★☆☆   godforsaken
—————————————————
UK US disapproving 
adjective [before noun] 
■describes a place that is not attractive and contains nothing interesting or pleasant 
  （地方）乏味的；沉闷的；丑陋的
The town is a godforsaken place at night.   这个城镇到了晚上就死气沉沉的。



★☆☆   God-given
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■If you say something is God-given, you mean that it has not been made by people    天赋的；天赐的；上帝创造的
She has a God-given talent as a painter.   作为一个画家，她有着非凡的天赋。
■having to be obeyed    天意不可违背的；必须服从的
She seems to think she has a God-given right to tell us all what to do.   她好像觉得自己是老天派下来指挥我们大家的。



★☆☆   godless
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■not having or believing in God or gods    不信神的；无宗教信仰的；无神的
a godless society   一个无宗教信仰的社会
■bad or evil    罪恶的，邪恶的



★☆☆   godlike
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■like God or a god in some way    如神的；上帝般的；神圣的
godlike powers   神圣的权力



★☆☆   godly
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■showing obedience to God    敬畏上帝的；虔诚的
a godly woman   一位虔诚的妇女



★☆☆   godmother
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a female godparent    教母
⇨ See also fairy godmother



★☆☆   godparent
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■(in the Christian religion) a person who, at a baptism ceremony, promises to help a new member of the religion, usually a child, in religious and moral matters 
  （基督教中的）教父，教母



★☆☆   godsend
—————————————————
UK US  informal 
noun only singular 
■something good which happens unexpectedly, especially at a time when it is needed 
  （尤指在需要的时候适时来到的）天赐之物，令人喜出望外的事物，及时雨
The grant was a real godsend, especially considering the theatre was due to close next month.   特别是考虑到剧院原定下个月就要关闭了，这笔拨款来得真是及时。



★☆☆   God's gift
—————————————————
UK US  disapproving 
noun uncountable 
■If you say that someone thinks or behaves as if they are God's gift (to someone or something), you mean that they believe that they are better than anyone else    上帝（对…）的恩宠；上帝恩赐的人（或物）
He thinks he's God's gift to women (= He thinks he is extremely attractive to women).   他认为自己是上天给女人们的恩赐。



★☆☆   godslot
—————————————————
UK US  UK informal 
noun countable 
■a period of time on television or radio for religious broadcasts 
  （电视或广播的）宗教节目时间



★☆☆   godson
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a male godchild    教子



★☆☆   godsquad
—————————————————
UK US  informal mainly disapproving 
noun countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■any group of evangelical Christians whose members are generally thought to be too forceful in trying to persuade other people to believe as they do    上帝使团（指属于基督教福音派的成员，一般认为他们力劝别人皈依他们的信仰）



★☆☆   God's truth
—————————————————
UK exclamation 
■said to emphasize that something is the complete truth 
  （用于强调某事的真实性）绝对真实
I didn't know she would be there - God's honest truth.   我不知道她会在那里——真的不知道



★☆☆   goer
—————————————————
UK US informal 
noun countable 
■a woman who is sexually active with a lot of people    放荡的女人
Apparently, she was a bit of a goer before she got married.   显然，在结婚前她有些放荡。



★☆☆   goes
—————————————————
UK ■he/she/it form of    * go 



★☆☆   gofer
—————————————————
UK US US informal 
noun countable 
■someone whose job is to be sent to get and carry things such as messages, drinks, etc. for other people in a company    跑腿的办事员；勤杂工



★☆☆   go-getter
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who is very energetic, determined to be successful and able to deal with new or difficult situations easily    有冲劲和进取心的人；实干型的人；志在必得的人
We only recruit go-getters who will be actively involved in the company's development.   我们只招聘有冲劲和进取心、能够积极参与公司发展的人。



★☆☆   goggle
—————————————————
UK  US informal 
verb intransitive 
■to look with the eyes wide open because you are surprised 
  （由于惊奇）瞪大眼睛看
The cathedral was full of goggling tourists.   大教堂里挤满了游客，一个个瞪大眼睛，惊奇地看着。



★☆☆   goggle-box
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular    UK old-fashioned informal for 
■television



★☆☆   goggle-eyed
—————————————————
UK US informal 
adjective 
■If someone is goggle-eyed, their eyes are very wide open, usually because of surprise. 
  （通常指因为惊奇而）瞪大眼睛的，瞪着眼的



