★☆☆   wing collar 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the strip of material which goes around the neck on a man's formal shirt and is folded down into the shape of two small triangles at the front    翼领，燕子领



★☆☆   winged
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
■having the stated type of wings    有…翼的
a high-winged aeroplane   高翼飞机
■with wings    有翼的；带翅膀的
The winged adult mosquitoes emerge from the pupae.   长了翅膀的蚊子成虫从蛹中钻了出来。
Cupid is usually depicted as a winged boy with a bow and arrow.   丘比特常被描绘成手持弓箭长着翅膀的小男孩。



★☆☆   winger
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a player whose position is at either of the two sides of the field in a team game such as football or hockey    边锋队员
Liverpool have just spent £800 000 on the talented 25-year-old winger.   利物浦队刚刚在这位25岁的天才边锋队员身上花费了80万英镑。



★☆☆   wing mirror
—————————————————
UK (US side mirror) 
noun countable 
■a mirror on the outside of a car door which allows the driver to see the vehicles that are behind or overtaking 
  （汽车的）侧面反光镜，侧后视镜



★☆☆   wing nut 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small, metal fastening device which has two flat pieces on it that you can hold with your fingers while tightening it    蝶形螺母



★☆☆   wingspan
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the distance between the ends of the wings of a bird, insect or aircraft 
  （鸟类、昆虫或飞机等的）翼展



★☆☆   wink
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
■to close one eye for a short time as a way of greeting someone or showing friendliness, sexual interest, etc., or of showing that you are not serious about something you have said    眨眼示意；使眼色
She winked at me as he turned his back.   他转过身去的时候，她向我眨了眨眼。
For a moment I thought he was being serious, but then he winked at me.   有一阵我以为他是认真的，但是没多久他就向我眨了眨眼，暗示我他在开玩笑。
■When lights wink, they keep flashing on and off quickly 
  （灯光）闪烁，明灭
Reflected in the water, the lights winked at us from the other side of the lake.   湖对岸的灯光映在水中，向我们一闪一闪的。
The light was winking on the answering machine.   录音电话上的指示灯一闪一闪的。verb intransitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   wink at sth 
■to pretend not to notice something bad that is happening because it is more convenient for you 
  （对坏事情）睁一只眼闭一只眼，装作没看见noun countable 
■when you wink at someone    眨眼（示意）；眼色
He gave me a conspiratorial wink as they left the room.   他们离开房间的时候，他向我诡秘地眨了眨眼。noun countable 
not sleep a wink (also not get a wink of sleep) 
■to not sleep at all    根本没合眼
I didn't sleep a wink last night with all that noise.   昨晚噪声那么大，我根本就没睡着。



★☆☆   winkle
—————————————————
noun countable (US usually periwinkle) 
■a small sea snail that can be eaten    滨螺，玉黍螺verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] winkle sth/sb out mainly UK 
■to get or find something or someone with difficulty    设法找到；费力找出
I managed to winkle the truth out of him eventually.   我终于从他那里挖出了实情。




★☆☆   Winnebago
—————————————————
UK  US trademark 
noun countable 
■a large vehicle that is made for you to live in while you are travelling    温内贝戈旅行房车



★☆☆   winner
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■someone who wins a game, competition or election    获胜者；冠军
There'll be a prize for the winner.   获胜者将会得到奖品。
The winner of this match will play Violente in the semi-finals.   本场比赛的优胜者将与维奥兰特队在半决赛相遇。
And to find out who are the lucky winners of our competition, Samantha is going to draw some names out of the bag.   看看谁是我们竞赛中幸运的获胜者，萨曼莎将从袋子中抽出一些名字。
⇨ See also breadwinner   (US also game-winner) informal 
■in sport, a goal or point that causes a player or team to win a game 
  （体育比赛中）致胜的一分，关键的一分
Neil Eaves scored the winner in the last minute of the match.   尼尔‧伊夫斯在比赛的最后时刻得到了致胜的一分。
■informal 
■something that is extremely successful and popular    极其成功的事物；非常受欢迎的事物
That lemon tart was a winner, wasn't it?   那个柠檬馅饼非常受欢迎，不是吗？
I think they're onto a winner with this latest product (= it will succeed).   我认为他们这个新产品会获得极大的成功。



★☆☆   winning
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
 ADVANCED  
■that has won something    获胜的；赢的
Have you heard the winning entry in this year's Eurovision Song Contest?   你听过今年欧洲电视网歌曲大赛的获奖歌曲吗？
It's nice to be on the winning side for a change.   总是输，偶尔赢一次感觉真好。
■friendly and charming and often making people like you    迷人的；可爱的
a winning smile   迷人的微笑



★☆☆   winning post
—————————————————
UK 
noun countable usually singular 
■a post that marks the place where a race ends 
  （赛马的）终点柱
His horse collapsed just 40 yards from the winning post.   他的马在离终点柱只有40码的地方摔倒了。



★☆☆   winnings
—————————————————
plural noun 
■an amount of money that has been won    赢得的钱
What are you going to spend your winnings on?   你打算怎么花赢来的钱？



★☆☆   winnow
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to blow the chaff (= the outer coverings) from grain before it can be used as food    扬，簸（谷物）
■formal 
■to reduce a large number of people or things to a much smaller number by judging their quality    筛选，挑选
A list of 12 candidates has been winnowed down to a shortlist of three.   12名候选人已经筛选到只剩三人。
a winnowing process   筛选过程



★☆☆   wino
—————————————————
UK  US (plural winos)    informal 
noun countable 
■a person, especially a homeless person, who drinks too much wine or other alcoholic drink 
  （尤指无家可归的）醉鬼，酒鬼
There were the usual bunch of winos outside the station.   车站外还是往常的那群酒鬼。



★☆☆   winsome
—————————————————
 literary approving 
adjective 
■attractive and pleasing, with simple qualities, sometimes like those a child has    天真可爱的；讨人喜欢的
Maria brought along her eldest daughter - a winsome lass with brown eyes and a ready smile.   玛丽亚带来了她的大女儿——一个长着棕色眼睛、总是面带笑容的可爱小姑娘。



★☆☆   winter
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the season between autumn and spring, lasting from November to March north of the equator and from May to September south of the equator, when the weather is coldest    冬季，冬天
Last winter we went skiing.   去年冬天我们去滑雪了。
It's been a surprisingly mild winter.   今年冬天暖和得出奇。
I think you tend to eat more in the winter.   我想你在冬天可能会吃得更多。UK verb intransitive + adverb or preposition 
■(especially of a bird) to spend the winter in a particular place 
  （尤指鸟类）过冬，越冬
Birds migrate so that they can winter in a warmer country.   鸟类定期迁徙，这样它们就可以在更暖和的地方过冬。
Kuwait Bay is one of the world's most important wintering grounds for wading birds.   科威特湾是世界上最重要的涉禽越冬地之一。



★☆☆   winter sports 
—————————————————
plural noun 
■sports that are done on snow or ice    冬季运动



★☆☆   wintertime
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the season of winter    冬季，冬天
Like most seaside resorts in the wintertime, it's quite deserted.   与大多数海滨渡假胜地一样，冬天这里相当冷清。



★☆☆   wintry
—————————————————
adjective 
LIKE WINTER  像冬天  
■typical of winter    冬天的；冬天特有的；冬令的
It looks like this wintry weather is here to stay.   好像这种寒冷的天气停在这里不走了。
This afternoon we may see some wintry showers (= snow mixed with rain) over higher ground.   今天下午高原地区有雨夹雪。
Wintry conditions are making roads hazardous for drivers in the northeast of England.   英格兰东北部地区的寒冷天气给司机驾车带来不安全因素。adjective 
EXPRESSION  表达     literary 
■unfriendly and disapproving    不友好的；冷冰冰的
She gave a wintry smile.   她冷冷地笑了笑。



★☆☆   win-win
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
■A win-win situation or result is one that is good for everyone who is involved    不会输的；双赢的
Flexible working hours are a win-win situation for employers and employees.   弹性的工作时间对于雇主和雇员来说是双赢的。



★☆☆   wipe
—————————————————
verb transitive 
 IMPROVER  
■to slide something, especially a piece of cloth, over the surface of something else, in order to remove dirt, food or liquid    擦，拭，抹
Have you got a cloth that I can wipe the floor with?   你有没有找到我可以用来擦地板的布？
I'll just get a sponge and wipe the crumbs off the table.   我这随便找块海绵把桌子上的碎屑擦掉。
Don't wipe your nose on your sleeve!   别用袖子擦鼻子！
Someone has wiped their dirty hands on my nice clean towel!   有人在我干净漂亮的毛巾上擦过脏手！verb transitive 
wipe sth off the map (also wipe sth off the face of the Earth/globe) 
■to destroy completely    完全摧毁
There are bombs so powerful that whole nations could be wiped off the map by them.   有一种炸弹威力十分巨大，能将所有国家都彻底摧毁。verb transitive 
wipe the floor with sb informal 
■to defeat someone very easily    轻松击败
"I hear Italy beat France in the semi-finals last night." "Beat them? They wiped the floor with them!"   “我听说义大利队昨晚在半决赛中击败了法国队。”“击败？简直就是横扫！”verb transitive 
wipe the slate clean 
■to start a new and better way of behaving, forgetting about any bad experiences in the past    重新开始，将以前的糟糕经历一笔勾销
A new relationship presents you with the opportunity to wipe the slate clean.   一段新的感情使你有机会忘掉以前的不愉快，开始新生活。verb transitive 
wipe the smile off sb's face 
■to make someone feel less happy or confident, especially someone who is annoying you because they think they are very clever    令（某人）不再得意（或高兴）
Tell him you saw Helena at the cinema with another guy - that should wipe the smile off his face!   告诉他，你在电影院里看见海伦娜和另外一个家伙在一起——这样他就不会再那么洋洋得意了！verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] wipe sth down 
■to clean the surface of something, such as a table, with a cloth 
  （用抹布）擦拭，擦干净
Every night we wipe the tables down before we shut the restaurant.   每天晚上在饭馆关门之前，我们都要把桌子擦干净。verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] wipe sth off sth 
■to remove something from something    从…中除去（或抹去）
All their customer information was wiped off the computer by a virus.   病毒将他们全部的客户资讯都从电脑上删掉了。
$8 billion has been wiped off share prices worldwide.   全世界的股价总共下跌了80亿美元。verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] wipe sth out 
■to destroy something completely    完全摧毁
Whole villages were wiped out in the fighting.   所有村子都在战斗中被彻底摧毁了。
One bad harvest could wipe out all of a grower's profits for the previous two years.   一次失收可能会将种植者前两年的收益全部抵销掉。verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   wipe out US informal 
■to lose control, especially in a vehicle, and have an accident 
  （尤指车辆）失控，出事故
I was going too fast and I wiped out on the bend.   我开得太快了，在拐弯处失去控制。verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] wipe sth up 
■to remove a substance, usually liquid, with a cloth or something similar 
  （用抹布等）擦掉（液体）
I was just wiping up the soup that you spilt in the kitchen.   我刚在厨房把你洒出来的汤擦干净。
Have you got something I could wipe up this mess with ?   你有没有甚么东西我可以用来把这摊脏东西擦干净？noun countable 
countable 
■an act of wiping    擦，拭，抹
I'd better give the floor a quick wipe before someone slips on it.   我最好赶快擦一下地板，免得有人滑倒。
■a piece of soft, wet cloth or paper that you use for wiping 
  （湿）抹布；（湿）纸巾；（湿）手巾
baby wipes   婴儿纸巾



★☆☆   wiped out 
—————————————————
adjective [after verb] 
TIRED  疲倦的     informal 
■extremely tired    筋疲力尽的，极累的
After that 5-mile run I was completely wiped out.   跑完那五英里后，我彻底累垮了。adjective [after verb] 
DRUNK  喝醉的     US slang 
■suffering from the effects of drinking alcohol or taking drugs    喝醉的；受毒品作用的



★☆☆   wire
—————————————————
UK noun 
METAL THREAD  金属线  
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable 
■a piece of thin metal thread which can be bent, used for fastening things and for making particular types of objects that are strong but can bend    金属丝；金属线
a wire fence   金属线栅栏
 IMPROVER  countable 
■(a piece of) thin metal thread with a layer of plastic around it, used for carrying electric current    电线；导线
Someone had cut the telephone wires.   有人切断了电话线。
Don't touch those wires whatever you do.   无论如何都别碰那些导线。
the wire 
■the wire fence round a prison or prison camp 
  （监狱等处的）铁丝网
During the war he spent three years behind the wire (= in prison).   战争期间他蹲了三年监狱。UK noun 
MESSAGE  消息  
countable US informal 
■a telegram    电报UK noun 
down to the wire 
■until the last moment that it is possible to do something    直到最后一刻
I think the election will go right down to the wire (= be won at the last moment).   我认为选举结果要到最后一刻才会见分晓。UK noun 
get your wires crossed 
■When people get their wires crossed, they have a different understanding of the same situation    发生误会；误解
Somehow we got our wires crossed because I'd got the 23rd written down in my diary and Jen had the 16th.   我们误会了，因为我在日记中写的是23号，而简写的是16号。UK noun 
under the wire US 
■If someone does something under the wire, they do it at the last possible moment    在最后关头
They got in under the wire just before the entry requirements for the training program changed.   他们在招生要求变更前的最后时刻加入了这个培训计划。UK verb transitive 
SEND MESSAGE  发送消息     mainly US 
■to send a message using an electrical communication system, especially to send an amount of money to someone in this way    用电报传送；（尤指）电汇
The insurance company wired millions of dollars to its accounts to cover the payments.   保险公司向其帐户里电汇了几百万美元以支付该款项。
[+ two objects] Luckily my father wired me two hundred bucks.   幸运的是，爸爸电汇给我200美元。
■mainly US 
■in the past, to send someone a telegram 
  （过去）给…发电报
Janet wired me to say she'd be here a day later than planned.   珍妮特发电报给我，说她要比计划晚一天到这里。UK verb transitive 
METAL THREAD  金属线  
■to fasten two things together using wire    用金属丝捆扎
She had her jaws wired together so that she wouldn't be able to eat.   她把上下颌用金属丝捆在一起，这样就不能吃东西了。
■(also wire up) 
■to connect a piece of electrical equipment with wires so that it will work    为（电子设备）接上电线（或导线）
The stereo wasn't working because it hadn't been wired up properly.   立体声音响不响了，因为电线没有接好。
Nearly one home in ten across the country is wired up to receive TV via cable.   该国有近十分之一的家庭透过电缆接收电视讯号。



★☆☆   wire brush 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a brush with pieces of wire fixed into it, used especially for cleaning metal    钢丝刷；金属丝刷



★☆☆   wired
—————————————————
UK US  (also wired up) mainly US informal 
adjective [after verb] 
■nervous or excited about a future event 
  （因未来的某事而）紧张不安的，兴奋的
I was totally wired before the interview.   面试之前我十分紧张。



★☆☆   wired up
—————————————————
UK (US wired) 
adjective [after verb] 
■secretly provided with an electronic device that records conversations    装有窃听装置的
The negotiators were wired up when they talked to the kidnappers.   谈判人员在与绑匪交谈时，身上安装了窃听装置。



★☆☆   wire-haired
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■A dog that is wire-haired has stiff, rough hair 
  （狗）粗毛的
a wire-haired dachshund   粗毛达克斯猎犬



★☆☆   wireless
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■without a cable    无线的
a wireless connection   无线连接UK noun countable mainly UK old-fashioned 
■a radio    无线电收音机



★☆☆   wire netting 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a net made of twisted wire which is often used for fences 
  （用作栅栏的）铁丝网，金属丝网



★☆☆   wire service
—————————————————
mainly US 
noun countable 
■an organization that supplies news to newspapers, radio and television stations, etc. using an electrical communication system    电讯社



★☆☆   wire-tapping
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the action of secretly listening to other people's conversations by connecting a listening device to their telephone 
  （对电话的）搭线窃听
If he suspected an employee of dishonesty, he was not above wire-tapping.   如果他怀疑某位雇员说谎，他就会搭线窃听他的电话。



★☆☆   wire wool 
—————————————————
noun uncountable    UK for 
■steel wool 



★☆☆   wiring
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the system of wires that carry electricity in a building 
  （建筑物中的）线路，布线
The club closed after the fire brigade declared its wiring to be unsafe.   这家俱乐部在消防队宣布它的电路布线不安全之后就关门了。



★☆☆   wiry
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■(of people and animals) thin but strong, and often able to bend easily 
  （人或动物）瘦而结实的
He has a runner's wiry frame.   他的身材像跑步运动员一样瘦而结实。
■describes hair that is strong, thick and rough to touch 
  （头发）硬的，粗硬的



★☆☆   wisdom
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■the ability to use your knowledge and experience to make good decisions and judgments    智慧；明智
One certainly hopes to gain a little wisdom as one grows older.   人们当然希望自己随着年龄的增长而获取一些智慧。
He's got a weekly radio programme in which he dispenses wisdom (= gives his opinions) on a variety of subjects.   他每周有个广播节目，就各种话题发表他的看法。
I tend to doubt the wisdom of separating a child from its family whatever the circumstances.   不管出于甚么情况，将一个孩子与家人分开，我都会怀疑这样做是否明智。
Did we ever stop to question the wisdom of going to war?   我们有否曾经停下来想一想参战是否明智？
Before I went off to university my father gave me a few words of wisdom.   在我上大学之前，父亲告诉我一些至理名言。
Conventional/Received/Popular wisdom has it (= Most people think) that women are more emotional than men, but in my experience it often isn't the case.   一般的看法认为女性比男性更易动情，但依我的经验来看，事情往往不是这样。noun uncountable 
in his/her/their wisdom humorous 
■something that you say when you do not understand why someone has done something stupid    以他／她／他们的智慧（用于表示不明白为甚么某人要做蠢事）
The council, in their wisdom, decided to close the library and now the building stands empty.   委员会以他们的智慧决定关闭那所图书馆，于是现在那座大楼里空空如也。noun uncountable 
with the wisdom of hindsight 
■with the knowledge that experience gives you    透过事后理智地回顾
With the wisdom of hindsight we now know that the old-fashioned aerosol sprays were a mistake.   透过事后理智地回顾，我们现在知道生产那种旧式的喷雾剂是个错误。



★☆☆   wisdom tooth
—————————————————
(plural wisdom teeth)
noun countable 
■one of the four teeth at the back of the jaw that are the last to grow    智齿
She's having her wisdom teeth out.   她要把智齿拔掉。



★☆☆   wise
—————————————————
adjective 
 IMPROVER  approving 
■having or showing the ability to make good judgments, based on a deep understanding and experience of life    明智的；英明的；聪明的
I think you made a wise choice.   我认为你作了一个明智的选择。
"I never drink more than three glasses of wine." "How wise."   “我喝葡萄酒从未超过三杯。”“你真明智。”
Looking at the weather, I think we made a wise decision not to go to the coast this weekend.   看看天气，我觉得我们决定本周末不去海滨是很明智的。
I think it would be wiser to wait and see how much money you've got left before you make any decisions.   我认为弄清楚自己还剩多少钱再作决定比较明智。
I never used to save money but now I'm a little older and wiser I can see the sense in it.   我以前从不存钱，可现在年纪大了些，也更明智了，于是就能看出其中的意义。
Was it Thomas More who said that the wise man learns from the experience of others?   是托马斯‧莫尔说过聪明人会吸取别人的经验教训吗？
wise to sth    informal 
■understanding a dishonest situation or way of doing something    学会钻空子；懂得奥妙
I used to be scrupulously honest then I got wise to the system.   过去我非常诚实，可后来就学会钻这个系统的漏洞了。adjective 
be none the wiser 
■to still be confused about something even after it has been explained to you 
  （解释后）依然不明白
I've read the instructions twice and I'm still none the wiser.   我已经读过两遍说明书，可还是不明白。adjective 
It's easy to be wise after the event. mainly UK saying 
■used to mean that it is easy to understand what you could have done to prevent something bad from happening after it has happened    事后聪明很容易；放马后炮很容易
In retrospect, we should have insisted on checking his calculations, but it's easy to be wise after the event.   回想起来，我们本该坚持检查他的计算结果，不过事后聪明倒是容易。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   wise up mainly US informal 
■to start to understand a situation or fact and believe what you hear about it, even if it is difficult or unpleasant    想通；看透；醒悟
Those who think this is a harmless recreational drug should wise up.   那些认为这是一种无害休闲毒品的人应该醒醒了。
It's about time employers wised up to the fact that staff who are happy work more efficiently.   雇主们该看清这一点，即快乐的员工工作起来效率会更高。




★☆☆   wisecrack
—————————————————
 informal 
noun countable 
■a remark which is intended as a clever joke, especially one which criticizes someone 
  （尤指用来批评的）妙语，俏皮话
He made some wisecrack about my lack of culinary ability.   他说了些俏皮话讽刺我不会烹饪。



★☆☆   wise guy
—————————————————
(US offensive wise ass) informal 
noun countable 
■someone who is always trying to seem more clever than anyone else in a way that is annoying    自作聪明的人；自命不凡的人
Okay, wise guy, if you're so damned smart, you can tell everyone how it's done!   好吧，自作聪明的家伙，你要是真有那么聪明，就可以告诉大家该怎么做了！



★☆☆   wisely
—————————————————
adverb 
■showing good judgment    明智的；稳妥的
Sian had very wisely left the party before all the trouble started.   沙恩很明智地在一切麻烦开始之前就离开了那个聚会。
Invest your money wisely through Home Counties Savings Trust.   透过伦敦周围各郡储蓄托管机构明智地投资。



★☆☆   wish
—————————————————
verb 
FEEL SORRY  后悔  
 ESSENTIAL  [I + (that)] 
■used with the past simple tense to express that you feel sorry or sad about a state or situation that exists at the moment 
  （与过去时连用，对已经存在的情况表示遗憾）但愿，希望
I wish (that) I was/were a bit taller.   我个子再高一点就好了。
I wish (that) you were coming with me, Peter.   彼得，你要是和我一起去就好了。
 ESSENTIAL  [I + (that)] 
■used with the past perfect tense to express that you feel sorry or sad about a particular action in the past 
  （与过去完成时连用，对过去某事表示悔恨）
I wish (that) I hadn't eaten so much.   我真希望自己没吃那么多。
I bet she wishes (that) she'd never got involved in the whole affair.   我敢打赌她希望自己从未卷入整个事件里去。
  Common Learner Errors   wish or hope?   Warning: when wish is followed by a verb, the verb should not be in the present or future tense.   When using a verb to talk about what you want to happen in the future, don't say 'wish', say hope :
✗ I wish I will pass all my exams.
—————————————————
verb 
WANT  想要  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive formal 
■to want to do something    希望；想要
We could go to the cinema or we could go out for dinner - whatever you wish.   我们可以去看电影，也可以出去吃饭——你想怎样都行。
"Shall we ask Diana if she'd like to come to the theatre tonight?" "If/As you wish."   “我们要不要问问戴安娜，看她今晚愿不愿意来看戏？”“随你的便。”
[+ to infinitive] I wish to make a complaint.   我想投诉。
Passengers wishing to take the Kings Cross train should go to platform 9.   去往国王十字车站的乘客请到九号月台乘车。
I don't wish to worry you but he did say he'd be back by midnight.   我不想令你担心，但他确实说过午夜之前会回来。
[+ obj + adj] Sometimes I was so depressed that I wished myself dead.   有时我特别消沉，甚至希望自己死了。
I wish (that)... 
 ADVANCED  
■used to express anger at someone's behaviour 
  （用来表示对某人行为的厌烦）我希望…
I wish she'd shut up for a moment and let someone else speak.   我希望她能闭一会儿嘴，让其他人来说。
I wish you'd look at me when I'm trying to speak to you!   我希望在我跟你说话时，你能看着我！verb 
HOPE  希望  
transitive + two objects 
■to hope or express hope for another person's success or happiness or pleasure on a particular occasion    祝愿
We wish you every success in the future.   我们祝愿你将来事事成功。
I didn't even see her to wish her a happy birthday/wish a happy birthday to her.   我甚至没能见到她，当面祝福她生日快乐。
I wished her a safe journey and waved her off.   我祝她旅途平安，并与她挥手道别。
wish sb well 
■to hope someone will succeed    祝（某人）成功
I wished him well with his new venture.   我祝他的新企业成功。verb 
MAGIC  魔术  
intransitive or transitive 
■to hope that something you want will be made real because of good luck or magical powers 
  （靠魔术实现的）愿望，心愿
[+ that] I remember blowing out the candles on my birthday cake and wishing that John Lee would be my boyfriend.   我记得吹灭生日蛋糕上的蜡烛，并默默希望约翰．李能成为我的男朋友。
If I could wish myself anywhere in the world (= go anywhere as a result of making a wish) right now it would be somewhere hot and sunny.   如果现在我想去甚么地方就能去甚么地方的话，我希望去一个暖风扑面阳光明媚的地方。
He's funny, bright, handsome - everything a girl could wish for really.   他幽默、聪明而又英俊——拥有一个女孩子真正希望的一切。
"Your job must be very glamorous." "I wish!" (= Not at all.)   “你的工作一定非常有意思。”“我倒希望是那样！”
"By the time I'm 40, I'll be so rich I won't have to work." "You wish!" (= There's no chance of that happening.)   “到了40岁的时候，我就会富得不需要工作了。”“你想得美！”verb 
I/You wouldn't wish sth on anyone/my/your worst enemy. 
■something you say in order to emphasize that something is extremely unpleasant 
  （用于强调某事极其令人厌恶）我／你不希望任何人／我的／你的死敌遭那样的罪
The effects of this disease are horrible. You wouldn't wish them on your worst enemy.   这种病的症状极其可怕。你甚至都不希望自己的死敌遭那样的罪。noun countable 
WANT  渴望  
 IMPROVER  
■a feeling of wanting something    希望；愿望
[+ to infinitive] Did he express any wish to see me?   他表达了想见我的愿望吗？
In accordance with his wishes (= what he wanted) , he was buried next to his wife.   依照他的意愿，把他葬在妻子的旁边。
They've deliberately gone against my wishes and sold the apartment.   他们故意违背我的意愿，把公寓卖了。
[+ that] It was grandpa's greatest wish that one of his grandchildren would become a doctor.   爷爷最大的愿望就是有个孙子或孙女成为医生。noun countable 
GREETING  问候  
best wishes 
■something you say or write at the end of a letter to show that you hope someone is happy and has good luck 
  （用于信件末尾）祝好
He ended the letter "Best wishes, Carlo".   他用“祝好，卡洛”结束了那封信。
Do give/send Patrick my best wishes.   替我问候派特里克。
Best wishes for a speedy recovery.   祝你早日康复。
With best wishes, Louise Foster.   把最诚挚的祝福送给你，路易丝‧福斯特。noun countable 
MAGIC  魔术  
■a hope that is made real with magical powers 
  （靠魔术实现的）愿望，心愿
[+ that] If I could have just one wish I suppose it would be that all the fighting in the world would stop tomorrow.   如果我只有一个愿望可以实现，那我希望世界上所有的战争明天都停止。
Close your eyes and make a wish.   闭上眼睛许一个愿。
It's that bit in the story where the fairy grants the little girl three wishes.   故事里的那个片断中，仙女答应实现小女孩的三个愿望。
May all your wishes come true.   祝你所有心愿都成真。



★☆☆   wishbone
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the V-shaped bone between the neck and breast of a cooked bird which traditionally is removed from the bird and pulled apart by two people, allowing the one who gets the longer piece to make a secret wish 
  （禽类的）叉骨，如愿骨（传统中两人扯断此骨，得到较长一块的人可以默默地许愿）



★☆☆   wish-fulfillment
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the achievement of things you really want in imaginary situations, mainly in dreams, but also in films, literature and poetry    美梦成真；梦想实现
Men, in these dramas of female wish-fulfillment, are reduced to the status of playthings.   男人，在这些实现女性梦想的戏剧里，沦为玩物。



★☆☆   wishful thinking
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the imagining or discussion of a very unlikely future event or situation as if it were possible and might one day happen    如意算盘；痴心妄想
"Do you think you might be in line for promotion, then?" "No, it's just wishful thinking."   “你是否认为自己会获得晋升？”“不，那只不过是想入非非而已。”



★☆☆   wish list 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a list of things you want, often which you know you cannot have    梦想清单（清单里通常都是自己渴望而不可及的东西）
A new car would be top of my wish list.   一辆新车是我梦寐以求的。



★☆☆   wishy-washy
—————————————————
UK US  informal disapproving 
adjective 
■having no colour, firm ideas, principles or noticeable qualities of any type    颜色浅的；软弱无力的；优柔寡断的；不坚定的；无特色的
Politically they're neither right-wing nor left - just a bunch of wishy-washy pseudo-liberals.   政治上，他们既不是右翼，也不是左翼——只是一群优柔寡断的伪自由主义者。
Watercolours are a bit wishy-washy for my taste.   水彩颜料对我来说颜色有点浅。



★☆☆   wisp
—————————————————
noun countable 
wisp of cloud/smoke/steam 
■a small, thin line of cloud/smoke/steam    一缕云／烟／蒸汽
A blue wisp of cigarette smoke curled in the air.   香烟冒出的一缕青烟在空中缭绕。
wisp of hair/grass, etc. 
■a thin, delicate piece of hair/grass, etc    一绺头发／一小束青草等
A few wisps of hay still clung to her skirt.   她的裙子上仍然粘着几根干草。
soft wisps of baby hair   几绺柔软的婴儿头发



★☆☆   wispy
—————————————————
adjective 
■in the form of a wisp or wisps    一缕（缕）的
a wispy cloud/fringe   一缕云／一绺浏海



★☆☆   wisteria
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■a climbing plant with groups of small purple, blue or white flowers hanging from it    紫藤；紫藤属植物



★☆☆   wistful
—————————————————
adjective 
■sad and thinking about something that is impossible or in the past    伤感的；留恋的
a wistful smile   向往的微笑
I thought about those days in Spain and grew wistful.   我想起了那些在西班牙的日子，思念之情油然而生。



★☆☆   wit
—————————————————
noun 
HUMOUR  幽默  
 ADVANCED  [S or U] 
■the ability to use words in a clever and humorous way 
  （说话的）幽默风趣
a woman of great intelligence and wit   非常聪明且说话风趣的女人
Her conversation sparkled with her own subtle blend of wit and charm.   她的谈话透着她特有的难以言传的风趣与魅力。
He was known for his dry / ready / sharp wit.   他以言辞尖刻而闻名。
⇨ See also wits;witticism
countable 
■a person who is skilled at using words in a clever and humorous way    说话风趣的人
Sydney Smith, a notable wit, once remarked that he never read a book before he reviewed it because it might prejudice his opinion of it.   悉尼‧史密斯，一个风趣出了名的家伙，曾说过他从来不在评论一部书之前去读它，因为这样会让他对这部书产生偏见。noun 
INTELLIGENCE  机智  
wits [plural] 
■intelligence and the ability to think quickly    机智；头脑
She learned to survive on her wits.   她学会了靠自己的头脑生存。noun 
frighten/scare sb out of their wits (also frighten/scare the wits out of sb) 
■to make someone very frightened    把（某人）吓得魂不附体
Don't shout like that! You scared me out of my wits.   别那么大喊大叫！你都吓死我了。noun 
gather your wits literary 
■to make an effort to become calm and think more clearly    镇静下来
I spent the five-minute break between games gathering my wits and rethinking my strategy for the second half of the match.   我利用中场休息的五分钟镇静下来，并重新思考下半场比赛的战术。noun 
have/keep (all) your wits about you 
■to be ready to think quickly in a situation and react to things that you are not expecting    保持头脑冷静；随机应变
Cycling is potentially very dangerous in London - you have to keep your wits about you.   在伦敦骑脚踏车可能会非常危险——你必须保持头脑清醒。noun 
not be beyond the wit of man / sb humorous 
■to be possible to achieve    没有超出人／某人的才智范围；可以实现
It shouldn't be beyond the wit of man to arrange for them both to be there at the same time.   安排他们同时到达那里应该可以办到。noun 
to wit formal 
■used to make clearer or more particular something that you have already said    就是；即
Several pieces of major legislation have been introduced in the US over the past few years, to wit: the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Clean Air Act and the Civil Rights Act.   过去几年里已经有好几项重大立法在美国推行，即《美国残障法案》、《净化空气法案》和《民权法案》。



★☆☆   witch
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a woman who is believed to have magical powers and who uses them to harm or help other people    女巫，巫婆
a witch on a broomstick   骑着扫把的女巫
Witches were persecuted all over western Europe from the 15th to the 17th century as it was claimed that they had dealings with the Devil.   从15世纪到17世纪，整个西欧的女巫都受到迫害，因为据称她们与魔鬼有来往。
informal disapproving 
■an unpleasant and ugly woman    讨厌且丑陋的女人



★☆☆   witchcraft
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the activity of performing magic to help or harm other people    巫术，魔法



★☆☆   witchdoctor
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person in some societies who cures people using traditional magic or medicine; a shaman    巫医



★☆☆   witches' brew
—————————————————
 informal 
noun countable usually singular 
■an unpleasant liquid mixture, of which you do not know the contents    巫婆的煎药，巫婆的配方（一种稀奇古怪的液体大杂烩，连自己也不清楚它的成分）
What's that witches' brew you're concocting there - surely you don't expect me to drink it?   你在调制甚么稀奇古怪的液体啊？你该不会是想我把这个喝了吧？



★☆☆   witch-hazel
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a small tree that produces flowers, or liquid from this tree which is used as a medicine    金缕梅；金缕梅酊剂



★☆☆   witch-hunt
—————————————————
 disapproving 
noun countable 
■an attempt to find and punish people whose opinions are unpopular and who are said to be a danger to society    对反对派的搜捕；政治迫害
In America, Senator McCarthy led a witch-hunt against people suspected of being communists.   在美国，参议员麦卡锡发动了一场对共产党嫌疑分子的迫害。



★☆☆   Wite-Out
—————————————————
UK US US trademark (UK trademark Tipp-Ex) 
■* a white liquid used for painting over mistakes in a piece of writing    书写涂改液，修正液



★☆☆   with
—————————————————
preposition 
COMPANY  伴随  
 ESSENTIAL  
■in the company or presence of a person or thing    和…一起；和；跟随；同
I was with Sylvia at the time.   那时我和西尔维娅在一起。
He lives with his grandmother.   他和奶奶一起生活。
He's impossible to work with.   没法和他一起工作。
I'm going to France with a couple of friends.   我要和几位朋友一起去法国。
Ingrid Bergman starred with Humphrey Bogart in the film 'Casablanca'.   英格丽‧褒曼同汉弗莱‧博加特联袂主演了电影《北非谍影》。
I left my coat with the cloakroom attendant.   我把外衣交给了衣帽间的服务员。
Ice cream with your apple pie?   苹果批要不要配上霜淇淋？
Mix the butter with the sugar and then add the egg.   把奶油和糖搅在一起，然后加鸡蛋。
I'll be with you (= I will give you my attention) in a moment.   我马上就过来。
She's staying with her parents (= at their house) for a few months.   她要在父母的家里住几个月。
He's been with the department (= working in it) since 1982.   他从1982年就开始在这个部门工作了。preposition 
METHOD  方法  
 ESSENTIAL  
■using something    用，使用；以；借
He was shot at close range with a pistol.   他被手枪近距离击中。
She wiped her lipstick off with a tissue.   她用纸巾擦掉了唇膏。
Fix the two pieces together with glue.   用胶水把这两块黏在一起。
Please handle this package with care.   这个包裹请轻拿轻放。
They set up a business with the help of a bank loan.   他们用一笔银行贷款开了家公司。preposition 
DESCRIPTION  描述  
 ESSENTIAL  
■having or including something    拥有，有
a tall woman with dark hair   高个黑发女子
He's married with three children.   他结了婚，并有三个孩子。
She left school with no qualifications.   她离开学校时没有取得毕业证书。
He spoke with a soft Irish accent.   他说话时带有轻柔的爱尔兰口音。
We're an international company with offices in Paris, New York and Sydney.   我们是一家跨国公司，在巴黎、纽约和雪梨都有办事处。
Two coffees please, one with milk and one without.   请来两杯咖啡，一杯加奶，一杯不加。
He arrived in Los Angeles with nothing but the clothes he was wearing.   他到了洛杉矶，除了衣服之外，身上一无所有。
He woke up with a dreadful headache.   他醒来后头痛欲裂。
I was second in the race with a time of 14.2 seconds.   我在赛跑中得了第二名，成绩是14.2秒。
With a bit of luck, we should be back in time for dinner.   要是运气好的话，我们还可以及时赶回来吃晚饭。
Both their children graduated with degrees in economics.   他们的两个孩子获得的都是经济学学位。
 ESSENTIAL  
■used at the beginning of various phrases written at the end of a letter 
  （用于信末祝辞中）
With best wishes from Charles.   致以美好的祝愿，查尔斯。
With love from Roberta.   爱你的罗伯塔。
 ESSENTIAL  
■including    包括
With your contribution, that makes a total of £45.   算上你的捐款，一共是45英镑。preposition 
RELATIONSHIP  关系  
 ESSENTIAL  
■relating to or in the case of a person or thing    关于；对于；至于；对…来说
How are things with you?   你过得怎么样？
Russia has just drawn up a trade agreement with Norway.   俄罗斯刚刚与挪威草拟了一份贸易合约。
This hasn't got anything to do with you (= This is not something you should be interested in).   这与你毫不相干。
The government's policies have not been popular with (= among) the voters.   政府的政策并不受选民欢迎。
He's very careless with his money.   在金钱方面，他很不小心。
She talked a lot about her relationship with Charlotte.   有关自己与夏洛特之间的恋情，她说了很多 。preposition 
CONTAINING/COVERING  包括／覆盖  
 ESSENTIAL  
■used to show what is on or in something    在…上；在…中
She'd laid the table with the best china.   她在桌子上摆了最精美的瓷器。
Her blouse was spattered with blood.   她的上衣溅上了血。
The room was littered with toys.   房间里玩具扔得到处都是。
The trucks were laden with food and medicine.   那些货车满载食品和药品。
She filled the jug up with cream.   她把罐子里装满了鲜奶油。preposition 
CAUSE  导致  
 ESSENTIAL  
■because of or caused by someone or something    因为；作为…的结果
He winced with pain.   他痛得皱眉。
I was trembling with fear.   我吓得直发抖。
She's been at home with a bad cold for the past week.   她上周因重感冒在家休息。
I can't work with all that noise going on.   噪声一直那么大，我根本没法工作。
Hopes were dashed in the war-torn capital with the news that no aid would be arriving that week.   有消息说那一周所有的救援物资都难以送达遭受战火蹂躏的首都，人们的希望破灭了。
With exams approaching, it's a good idea to review your class notes.   随着考试临近，复习一下你的课堂笔记是个不错的主意。
(What) with all the excitement and confusion, I forgot to say goodbye to her.   在兴奋和混乱的状态下，我忘了跟她道别。preposition 
OPPOSITION  反对  
 ESSENTIAL  
■against something    反对；与…对立
I ended up having an argument with her.   我最终和她吵了一架。
She has fought a constant battle with depression throughout her career.   在整个职业生涯中，她都在不停地与忧郁症斗争。
The two countries went to war with one another over oil prices.   两国因为石油价格而交战。
A truck had evidently collided with a car.   显然是一辆货车与一辆小汽车相撞。preposition 
SEPARATION  分离  
 IMPROVER  
■used with words showing separation 
  （与表示分离的词连用）
I'd rather not part with my cash.   我不愿意花钱。
He decided to put his failed marriage behind him and make a clean break with the past.   他决定忘掉自己失败的婚姻，与过去彻底分手。preposition 
AND  和  
 IMPROVER  
■and, or followed by    和；还有；连同
I'd like a steak and fries with chocolate mousse to follow.   我想要牛排和炸薯条，还有巧克力慕丝。
$200 is payable immediately with a further $100 payable on delivery.   马上付200美元，另外100美元交货时付清。preposition 
COMPARISON  比较  
 IMPROVER  
■used in comparisons 
  （用于比较）同…相比
I've got nothing in common with my brother.   我和我兄弟没甚么相似之处。
This cake's very light compared with the last one you made.   这个蛋糕比你上次做的要松软多了。preposition 
SUPPORT  支持  
 ADVANCED  
■supporting someone or something    支持
If you want to go for a promotion, I'll be with you all the way.   如果你想去争取提升，我会一直支持你。
You've got to decide where you stand on this issue - you're either with me or against me.   你得决定在这件事上的立场——要么支持我，要么反对我。    Opposite againstpreposition 
DIRECTION  方向  
■in the same direction as something    与…同方向
The wind was with me on the home stretch and I ran well.   在赛跑的最后冲刺阶段赶上了顺风，所以我跑得很好。    Opposite againstpreposition 
TIME  时间  
■at the same rate or time as something    随着
This wine will improve with age.   这种酒会随着时间变得更加醇厚。
Stopping distances for cars vary with the speed they are travelling at.   汽车的煞车距离根据当时车速的高低而不尽相同。preposition 
UNDERSTANDING  理解  
be with sb informal 
■to understand what someone is saying    理解（某人）的话
You look puzzled - are you with me?   你看起来很迷惑——听懂我说甚么了吗？
I'm sorry, I'm not with you.   对不起，我没听懂你的话。preposition 
DESPITE  尽管  
■despite something    虽然，尽管
With all her faults, she's still a really good friend.   尽管有那么多缺点，她仍然是个真正的好朋友。preposition 
EXPRESSIONS  表达  
■used to express a wish or instruction 
  （用于表示祝愿或指令）
Away with you (= Go away) !   滚开！
Off to bed with you (= Go to bed) !   快上床睡觉！
On with the show (= Let it continue) !   继续演出吧！
Down with school (= We don't want/like it) !   不要上学！preposition 
with that 
■and then, or after doing or saying that    接着，随即
"I still think you're wrong," he said and with that he drove off.   “我仍然认为你是错的。”他说完就开车走了。



★☆☆   withdraw
—————————————————
UK US (withdrew, withdrawn)
verb 
REMOVE  撤回  
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■to take or move out or back, or to remove    抽回；取回；提取；撤回；撤离；退出；移回
This credit card allows you to withdraw up to £200 a day from cash dispensers.   这张信用卡允许你每天从自动提款机中提取200英镑。
The UN has withdrawn its troops from the country.   联合国已从该国撤军。
Eleven million bottles of water had to be withdrawn from sale due to a health scare.   因为害怕危害健康，有1100万瓶水不得不停止销售。
Once in court, he withdrew the statement he'd made to the police (= he claimed it was false).   一上法庭，他便推翻了自己对警方的供词。
All charges against them were withdrawn after the prosecution's case collapsed.   原告诉讼被驳回，所以对他们的指控都撤销了。
formal After lunch, we withdrew into her office to finish our discussion in private.   午饭后，我们回到她的办公室私下完成讨论。
mainly UK The team captain was forced to withdraw from the match due to injury.   队长因伤只好退出了比赛。
Following his nervous breakdown, he withdrew from public life and refused to give any interviews.   神经失常后，他退出公众生活并拒绝接受任何采访。UK US (withdrew, withdrawn)
verb 
STOP CONTACT  不与人交流  
   intransitive 
■to stop talking to other people and start thinking thoughts that are not related to what is happening around you    不再说话；沉默；不与人交流
As a child, she frequently withdrew into her own fantasy world.   童年时候，她经常沉浸在自己的幻想世界。
After the accident, he withdrew into himself and refused to talk to family or friends.   那场事故后，他变得沉默寡言，并拒绝和家人或朋友说话。



★☆☆   withdrawal
—————————————————
UK noun 
TAKING OUT  提出  
 ADVANCED  countable or uncountable 
■when you take money out of a bank account    提款，取钱
The bank became suspicious after several large withdrawals were made from his account in a single week.   他的帐户仅在一周之内就有数笔大额提款，这让银行产生了怀疑。
 ADVANCED  countable or uncountable 
■when a military force moves out of an area    撤军
The commander-in-chief was given 36 hours to secure a withdrawal of his troops from the combat zone.   要求总司令在36小时内将其军队撤出交战区。UK noun 
NOT AVAILABLE  不存在  
 ADVANCED  uncountable 
■when something is taken away so that it is no longer available, or when someone stops being involved in an activity    收回；退出
Doctors demanded the withdrawal of the drug (from the market) after several cases of dangerous side-effects were reported.   报道了几宗出现严重副作用的病例之后，医生们要求（从市场上）收回这种药物。
Her sudden withdrawal from the championship caused a lot of press speculation about her health.   她突然退出锦标赛，引发媒体关于她健康状况的各种猜测。UK noun 
NO CONTACT  不交流  
uncountable 
■when someone prefers to be alone and does not want to talk to other people    沉默寡言；孤僻
Withdrawal is a classic symptom of depression.   沉默寡言是忧郁症的一种典型症状。



★☆☆   withdrawal symptoms 
—————————————————
plural noun 
■the unpleasant physical and mental effects which result when you stop doing or taking something, especially a drug, which has become a habit    脱瘾症状；（尤指）戒毒反应
He was suffering from all the classic withdrawal symptoms associated with giving up heroin - inability to sleep, anxiety, sweating and fever.   他表现出戒除海洛因过程中的所有典型症状——失眠、焦虑、流汗及发烧。
figurative humorous I haven't seen any TV for over a week and I'm having withdrawal symptoms.   我都一个多星期没看电视，快难受死了。



★☆☆   withdrawn
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■shy and quiet and preferring to be alone rather than with other people    怕羞的；沉默寡言的；孤僻的
Following her son's death, she became quiet and withdrawn and rarely went out.   她儿子死后，她变得沉默寡言，也很少外出。



★☆☆   wither
—————————————————
UK US (also wither away) 
verb 
intransitive or transitive 
■(to cause) to become weak and dry and decay 
  （使）枯萎，（使）干枯
Grass had withered in the fields.   田里的草都枯萎了。
intransitive 
■to slowly disappear, lose importance or become weaker    萎缩；逐渐消失
This country is in danger of allowing its industrial base to wither away.   这个国家正面临工业基础萎缩的危险。UK US (also wither away) 
verb 
wither on the vine literary 
■If something withers on the vine, it is destroyed very gradually, usually because no one does anything to help or support it 
  （通常指因缺乏帮助或支持而）逐渐消失，渐渐破灭
There was some debate as to whether the benefit scheme should be withdrawn or simply allowed to wither on the vine.   究竟是取消这个救济方案还是让它自然消失，有待讨论。



★☆☆   withered
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■dry and decaying    枯萎的；干枯的
withered leaves/flowers   枯萎的叶子／花朵
mainly old use 
■describes an arm or leg that has not grown to its correct size because of disease    （因疾病而导致肢体）萎缩的



★☆☆   withering
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■A withering look/remark,etc. is one that is intended to make someone feel ashamed 
  （目光、话语等）令人难堪的，尖刻的
He said that Lizzie had been drunk at the time and I saw her shoot him a withering glance.   他说莉齐当时喝醉了，我看见她狠狠地瞪了他一眼。
■severe and extremely critical    严厉的；极为挑剔的
He made a withering attack on government policy.   他严厉抨击政府的政策。



★☆☆   withers
—————————————————
UK US  specialized 
plural noun 
■the highest part of the back of a horse, which is situated above its shoulders    马肩隆



★☆☆   withhold
—————————————————
UK US  (withheld, withheld)
verb transitive 
■to refuse to give something or to keep back something    拒绝给与；扣留
to withhold information/support   拒绝提供消息／给予支援
During the trial, the prosecution was accused of withholding crucial evidence from the defence.   审判期间，原告被指控对被告隐瞒了十分重要的证据。
Police are withholding the dead woman's name until her relatives have been informed.   在通知女性死者的亲属之前，警方拒绝透露她的名字。
She withheld her rent until the landlord agreed to have the repairs done.   她拒付房租，直到房东答应进行维修。
The government is planning to withhold benefit payments from single mothers who refuse to name the father of their child.   对于那些拒绝说出自己孩子的父亲是谁的单身母亲，政府正计划取消她们的救济金。



★☆☆   withholding tax
—————————————————
US 
noun uncountable 
■money taken from a person's income and paid directly to the government by their employer 
  （由雇主代扣的）代扣所得税



★☆☆   within
—————————————————
preposition adverb 
 ESSENTIAL  
■inside or not further than an area or period of time    在…里，在…内；不超过
Two-thirds of Californians live within 15 miles of the coast.   三分之二的加州人居住在离海岸15英里以内的地区。
In 1992 cross-border controls within the EU were dismantled.   1992年，欧盟内部取消了边境通行管制。
For orders within the UK, please enclose £2.50 for post and packing.   英国国内的订货，请附上2.5英镑的邮资及包装费用。
The resort lies within easy reach of (= not far from) the ski slopes.   该景点距离滑雪坡道不远。
We recommend that this wine should be consumed within six months.   我们建议该酒在六个月内饮用完毕。
Within hours of the tragedy happening, an emergency rescue team had been assembled.   悲剧发生后几小时之内，就集结起来一支紧急救援队伍。
The tickets should reach you within the week (= before the end of this week).   票将在本周内送到你处。
He's very highly regarded within his profession.   他在业内得到很高的评价。
She managed to complete her last film well within budget.   她设法在预算内拍完她的最新电影。
The target was now within range and so she took aim and fired.   当时目标正处于射程范围内，于是她瞄准并开火。
He could sense that his goal was within reach (= it could be reached).   他可以感觉到他的目标能够实现。
The cathedral spire was now within sight (= it could be seen).   已经可以看到教堂的尖顶了。
I was acting within the law (= legally).   我在法律允许范围内行事。
We came within five points of beating them (= We would have beaten them if we had had five more points).   我们要是再多拿五分就可以击败他们了。preposition adverb 
from within 
■by the people who belong to an organization and not by people from outside it    从内部
If things are to change, the company must be reformed from within.   如果要改变现状，这家公司必须从内部进行改革。



★☆☆   with it 
—————————————————
adjective 
FASHION  时尚     slightly old-fashioned informal 
■knowing a lot about new ideas and fashions    追求时尚的，赶时髦的
He reads all the style magazines and thinks he's really with it.   他阅读所有时尚杂志并认为自己真的很时髦。
■informal 
■fashionable    时尚的，时髦的adjective 
MIND  头脑  
be with it informal 
■to be able to think or understand quickly    机敏，有头脑
You're not really with it today, are you?   你今天有点迟钝，是不是？



★☆☆   without
—————————————————
preposition adverb 
 ESSENTIAL  
■not having or doing something, or lacking something    没有；无；缺少
I've come out without my umbrella.   我没有带伞就出来了。
You look nice without make-up.   你不化妆显得挺可爱的。
He went without my knowledge.   他没有让我知道就去了。
I couldn't have done it without you.   没有你，我是无法完成的。
She's strong without being bossy.   她强硬但不专横。
Do start without me.   不用等我就可以开始。
formal He's not without (= he does have some) qualities.   他还是有一些品德的。
This is without a doubt (= certainly) the best Chinese food I've ever had.   这肯定是我吃过最好的中国菜。
You shouldn't drive for more than three hours without taking a break.   你不该连续开车三个多小时而不休息。
Without wishing to be rude (= I don't want to be rude, but) , don't you think you need a hair cut?   我不想无礼，可你不觉得你该去理发吗？
⇨ See also do without () at do;go without () at gopreposition adverb 
without (so much as) a backward glance 
■If you leave without a backward glance, you are completely happy to leave and have no sad feelings about it    连头也不回地（表示非常愿意离开）
She left the city where she had lived all her life without a backward glance.   她头也不回地离开了自己生活了一辈子的城市。preposition adverb 
without so much as a by-your-leave old-fashioned 
■without asking for anyone's permission, in a way that is rude    甚至连问也没有问一声就



★☆☆   withstand
—————————————————
 (withstood, withstood)
verb transitive 
■to bear or not be changed by something, or to oppose a person or thing successfully    经受；承受；顶住
a bridge designed to withstand earthquakes   具有抗震设计的桥梁
Our toys are designed to withstand the rough treatment of the average five-year-old.   我们的玩具设计要能经得住一般五岁儿童粗野的摆弄。
The aircraft base is protected with specially designed shelters which are built to withstand ground and air attacks.   空军基地有特殊设计的掩体保护，能够抵挡地面和空中袭击。
She is an artist whose work will undoubtedly withstand the test of time (= it will still be popular in the future).   她这样一位元艺术家的作品毫无疑问能经受得起时间的考验。



★☆☆   witless
—————————————————
 disapproving 
adjective 
■stupid or showing no intelligence    愚蠢的，没脑子的
The novel centres around a witless father who is continually being conned by his three children.   这本小说围绕一位不断被3个孩子捉弄的愚蠢父亲展开。
⇨ See also wits
scare/frighten sb witless 
■to frighten someone very much    把（某人）吓坏；吓得（某人）灵魂出窍
I was scared witless the last time Tina drove me down to London.   蒂娜上次开车送我去伦敦时，把我吓坏了。



★☆☆   witness
—————————————————
noun countable 
SEE  看见  
 ESSENTIAL  
■a person who sees an event happening, especially a crime or an accident 
  （尤指犯罪或事故的）目击者
Police are appealing for witnesses to the accident to come forward.   警方呼吁那场事故的目击者站出来。
According to (eye) witnesses, the robbery was carried out by two teenage boys.   据目击者说，抢劫案是两个十几岁的少年犯的。
be witness to sth 
■to see something happen    看到；目睹
She was witness to the tragic event.   她目睹了这悲剧。
■someone who is asked to be present at a particular event and sign their name in order to prove that things have been done correctly    见证人；连署人
He signed the treaty in the presence of two witnesses.   他在两位见证人面前签署了条约。
They were married a year after they first met, with two friends acting as witnesses.   初次见面一年之后，他们在两位朋友的见证之下结婚了。noun countable 
LAW  法律  
■a person in a law court who states what they know about a legal case or a particular person 
  （法庭上的）证人
Ten witnesses are expected to testify at the trial today.   在今天的审判中，将有十名证人出庭作证。
The key witness for the prosecution was offered police protection after she received death threats.   原告的关键证人在受到死亡恐吓后，得到警方的保护。
expert witness 
■a person who is allowed to give their opinion in a law court because of their knowledge or practical experience of a particular subject    专家证人
A psychiatrist was called as an expert witness for the defence.   一位精神病医生作为被告的专家证人被传作证。noun countable 
bear witness (to sth) 
■If something bears witness to a fact, it proves that it is true    见证了（…）；证明了（…）
The numerous awards on the walls bear witness to his great success.   墙上数不清的奖状证明他的巨大成功。
As last week's riots bear witness, the political situation is very unstable.   上周的暴乱证明了政治局势非常不稳定。verb transitive 
BE PRESENT  看到  
 IMPROVER  
■to see something happen, especially an accident or crime    目击，看到（尤指事故或犯罪）
Did anyone witness the attack?   有人看到那次袭击吗？
They were staying in the capital at the time of the riots and witnessed several street battles.   暴乱期间他们留在首都，目击了好几场巷战。
[+ -ing verb] He arrived home just in time to witness his brother being taken away by the police.   他到家时正好看到他兄弟被员警带走。
■to be present at an event and to sign your name as proof that it happened or that it was done correctly    为…签名作证；连署
Her will was drawn up by a solicitor and witnessed by two colleagues.   她的遗嘱由一位律师起草，并由两名同事签名作证。verb transitive 
HAPPEN  发生     formal 
■When a place or period witnesses a particular event, the event happens in that place or during that period    是发生…的地点（或时间）
This university has witnessed quite a few changes over the years.   这所大学多年来经历过很多变革。
The past few years have witnessed momentous changes throughout Eastern Europe.   过去几年间，整个东欧都发生了重大的变化。verb transitive 
SHOW  证明  
■to show or give proof of something    证明；表明
This year's charity ball was the most successful one ever, as witnessed by the number of tickets sold.   今年的慈善舞会是最为成功的一次，这可以从出售门票的数量看出来。
The programme aroused strong feelings - witness the number of letters received.   这个节目激起了强烈的反响——来信的数量便是明证。verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   witness to sth UK formal 
■to state publicly, especially in a law court, that something is true or that it happened 
  （尤指在法庭上）作证，证明…是真实的
A handwriting expert witnessed to the authenticity of the letter.   笔迹专家证明了这封信并非伪造。
[+ -ing verb] She witnessed to having seen the robbery take place.   她作证说目睹了抢劫的过程。




★☆☆   witness box
—————————————————
UK (US witness stand) 
noun countable usually singular 
■the place in which a person stands in a law court when they are being asked questions    证人席
He showed no emotion as he walked into the witness box.   他走上证人席时面无表情。
She was asked to take the witness stand and was then cross-examined.   她被要求走上证人席接受盘问。



★☆☆   witter
—————————————————
UK US UK informal disapproving 
verb intransitive 
■to talk for a long time about things that are not important    喋喋不休地讲；啰嗦
He'd been wittering on about his neighbours for half the morning.   他半个上午都在喋喋不休地讲他的邻居们。



★☆☆   witticism
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a remark that is both clever and humorous    妙语；俏皮话
⇨ See also wit



★☆☆   witty
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■using words in a clever and funny way    风趣的，诙谐的
a witty comment/remark   风趣的评论／话语
He was witty and very charming.   他既风趣又很有魅力。



★☆☆   wives
—————————————————
■plural of    * wife 



★☆☆   wizard
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a man who is believed to have magical powers and who uses them to harm or help other people    男巫，术士
■(also wiz) informal 
■someone who is an expert at something or who has great ability in a particular subject 
  （某方面的）行家，奇才，高手
a computer wizard   电脑高手
Your mother's a wizard at Scrabble.   你妈妈是一个拼字游戏的能手。



★☆☆   wizardry
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the skill of a wizard    巫术，魔法
■clever or surprising ways of doing things, especially with special machines 
  （尤指使用特殊机器的）奇妙方法
Using their high-tech wizardry, the police were able to locate the owners of the stolen property within hours of it being seized.   利用高科技手段，警方可以在缴获被窃财物几小时内找到失主。



★☆☆   wizened
—————————————————
adjective 
■having dry skin with lines in it, especially because of old age 
  （尤指因为年老而）皮肤干瘪的，有皱纹的
He was a wizened old man with yellow skin and deep wrinkles.   他是一位干巴的老者，发黄的皮肤上满是深深的皱纹。



★☆☆   wk 
—————————————————
■written abbreviation for    * week 



★☆☆   WMD
—————————————————
■abbreviation for 
■weapons of mass destruction: weapons, like nuclear bombs, which cause a lot of damage and kill many people    大规模毁灭性武器（如核武器）



★☆☆   wobble
—————————————————
UK verb 
MOVE  移动  
intransitive or transitive 
■to (cause something to) shake or move from side to side in a way that shows poor balance 
  （使）摇晃，（使）摇摆
That bookcase wobbles whenever you put anything on it.   那个书架你一放东西就摇摇晃晃。
Don't wobble the table, please, Dan.   丹，别晃桌子好吗？
figurative The company's shares wobbled with the news of a foreign takeover bid.   这家公司的股票由于外国公司收购的消息而波动。UK verb 
NOT CERTAIN  不确定的  
intransitive informal 
■to be uncertain what to do or to change repeatedly between two opinions    拿不定主意；动摇；（在两种观点间）变来变去
The government can't afford to wobble on this issue.   如果政府在这个问题上不作出果断决策就会付出巨大代价。UK noun countable 
MOVEMENT  移动  
■a movement from side to side which shows poor balance 
  （使）摇晃，（使）摇摆
I gave the poles a slight wobble and the whole tent collapsed.   我轻轻晃了晃几根柱子，整个帐篷就倒了。
figurative The closure of the company's German subsidiary caused a sharp wobble in its profits.   这家公司德国分部关闭，导致其利润急剧下降。UK noun countable 
NOT CERTAIN  不确定的     informal 
■a feeling of not being certain about something    拿不定主意；动摇；（在两种观点间）变来变去
She's having a bit of a wobble about the move to New York.   她对是否搬到纽约还有点犹豫不决。



★☆☆   wobbly
—————————————————
UK adjective 
MOVING  移动  
■likely to wobble    摇摇晃晃的
a wobbly ladder/table   摇摇晃晃的梯子／桌子
I've been in bed with flu and my legs are still feeling all wobbly.   我因流感而卧床休息，腿仍然感觉摇摇晃晃的。
"Look, I've got a wobbly tooth," said my little daughter, proudly.   “瞧，我有一颗牙活动了。”我的小女儿骄傲地说道。
humorous I'm trying to tone up my wobbly bits (= fat areas of the body) generally.   我正设法减掉身上的肥肉。UK adjective 
NOT CERTAIN  不确定的     informal 
■uncertain what to do or changing repeatedly between two opinions    拿不定主意的；动摇的；（在两种观点间）变来变去的
Last week I felt sure I was doing the right thing but I've started to feel a bit wobbly about it.   上周我很肯定自己做对了，可是现在我觉得有点不肯定了。UK noun UK informal 
throw a wobbly 
■to become extremely angry and upset    非常愤怒；极不高兴
My parents threw a wobbly when they found out I'd had a party while they were away.   当父母发现我趁他们不在的时候举行聚会，他们非常不高兴。



★☆☆   wodge
—————————————————
(also wadge) UK noun countable mainly UK informal 
■a thick piece or a large amount of something    一大块；一大堆
She cut herself a great wodge of chocolate cake.   她给自己切了一大块巧克力蛋糕。
He hurried towards the staffroom with a wodge of papers under his arm.   他用胳膊夹着一大叠试卷匆匆向教师办公室走去。



★☆☆   woe
—————————————————
UK noun 
woes [plural] formal 
■great problems or troubles    困难；灾难；不幸
The country has been beset by economic woes for the past decade.   过去十年来这个国家一直受到经济困难的困扰。
Unusually poor harvests have added to the country's woes.   罕见的差收成加剧了该国的灾难。
uncountable literary 
■extreme sadness    悲伤；悲哀
Her face was lined and full of woe.   她满脸皱纹，一副悲伤的表情。
He told me a real tale of woe about how he had lost both his job and his house in the same week.   他给我讲了一个真实的不幸遭遇，是关于他如何在一周内既失业又失去房子。UK noun 
woe betide sb 
■said when there will be trouble for someone, or they will be punished, if they do a particular thing 
  （某人）要倒楣（或遭殃）
This is the second time he's been sent home from school this week, so woe betide him if it happens again!   这是他本周内第二次从学校被赶回了家，要是再发生一次这样的事，他就要倒楣了。UK noun 
woe is me old use or humorous 
■said to express how unhappy you are    苦啊；惨哪
I'm cold and wet and I haven't even got enough money for my bus fare home. Oh woe is me!   我又冷又湿，连买张回家的公共汽车票的钱也不够。真是惨啊！



★☆☆   woebegone
—————————————————
UK US  literary 
adjective 
■looking very sad    忧伤的；悲伤的
When he wants to go for a walk, the dog sits by the door with a woebegone expression.   当他想出去散散步时，那只狗愁眉苦脸地坐在门边。
There's no need to look so woebegone - we can get it fixed.   别那么愁眉苦脸——我们能解决。



★☆☆   woeful
—————————————————
UK adjective 
BAD  坏的  
■very bad or (of something very bad or unpleasant) very great or extreme    极坏的，极糟糕的
The team's woeful record consists of six defeats in seven matches.   这个队非常糟糕的记录是七场比赛中有六场败北。
They displayed woeful ignorance of the safety rules.   他们对安全条例表现出极端的无知。UK adjective 
SAD  悲伤的     formal 
■extremely sad    极为悲哀的，极为悲伤的
She was looking very woeful, with her eyes red and swollen.   她的眼睛又红又肿，看起来十分悲伤。



★☆☆   woefully
—————————————————
UK adverb 
■used to emphasize how bad a situation is    极其（用于强调情况的糟糕）
The safety precautions taken by large resort hotels are often woefully inadequate for the number of people who stay there.   那些旅游胜地的大型饭店虽然采取了安全措施，但相对于该地游客的人数来说，大多还不够完善。
The school's text books are woefully out-of-date.   那家学校使用的课本太过时了。



★☆☆   wog
—————————————————
UK US  UK and Australian English offensive 
noun countable 
■a black person    黑鬼，黑人



★☆☆   wok
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a large, bowl-shaped, Chinese pan used for frying food quickly in hot oil 
  （中国的）炒锅，镬子
Heat some oil in a wok, then add the vegetables and stir-fry for two minutes.   锅里放些油加热，然后再加入蔬菜翻炒两分钟。



★☆☆   woke
—————————————————
UK verb    past simple of 
■wake (STOP SLEEPING)    停止睡眠



★☆☆   woken
—————————————————
UK verb    past participle of 
■wake (STOP SLEEPING)    停止睡眠



★☆☆   wolf
—————————————————
noun (plural wolves)
ANIMAL  动物  
 ADVANCED  countable 
■a wild animal of the dog family    狼
Wolves hunt in groups known as packs.   狼群集体觅食。
We could hear wolves howling in the distance.   我们能听到远处的狼嗥声。noun (plural wolves)
MAN  
countable usually singular old-fashioned disapproving 
■a man who often tries to have sex with the women he meets    色狼（形容那些总是设法和碰到的女性发生性关系的男性）
He had the reputation of being a bit of a wolf.   他因好色而声名狼藉。noun (plural wolves)
keep the wolf from the door 
■to have just enough money to be able to eat and live    勉强维持生计，勉强过活
As a student, he took an evening job to keep the wolf from the door.   他上学时兼做一份夜间工作，勉强维持生计。noun (plural wolves)
a wolf in sheep's clothing 
■a person who hides the fact that they are evil, with a pleasant and friendly appearance    披着羊皮的狼verb transitive informal 
■to eat a large amount of food very quickly    狼吞虎咽
The boys wolfed the sandwiches (down) and then started on the cakes.   男孩子们狼吞虎咽地吃掉了三明治，然后又开始吃蛋糕。



★☆☆   wolfhound
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a type of very large dog    猎狼犬，狼狗
He specializes in breeding large dogs such as Irish wolfhounds.   他专门饲养大型犬只，比如爱尔兰猎狼犬。



★☆☆   wolfish
—————————————————
adjective 
■like a wolf    狼一般的
wolfish green eyes   狼一般的绿眼睛
figurative He gave her a wolfish grin (= smiled at her in a sexually interested way).   他对她色迷迷地笑了笑。



★☆☆   wolf-whistle
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a short, high sound, followed by a longer sound that drops from high to low, that is made when you see a person who you find sexually attractive    吹挑逗性的口哨
The last time she went out wearing those ripped jeans she got several wolf-whistles.   上次她穿那条扯破的牛仔裤出门时，有好几个人向她吹口哨挑逗。



★☆☆   woman
—————————————————
 (/'w&#x26A;m&#x26A;n/ plural women)
noun 
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■an adult female human being    成年女子，女人
She's a really nice woman.   她真是个非常好的女人。
A woman and two men were arrested on the day after the explosion.   爆炸后的第二天，一名妇女和两名男子被逮捕。
Women first got the vote in Britain in 1918.   在英国，妇女于1918年首次取得投票权。
She is Ireland's first woman (= female) president.   她是爱尔兰的第一位女总统。
countable informal 
■a man's wife or partner    妻子；情人
Apparently, Geoff's got a new woman.   显然杰夫又有女人了。
uncountable 
■women in general    女性
He is writing a book on the representation of woman in medieval art.   他正在写一本关于中世纪艺术如何表现女性的书。
⇨ See also womankind;womenfolk



★☆☆   womanhood
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the state of being a woman, or the period of time when someone is a woman    女孩走向成年的时期；女性成年期
The novel deals with a teenage girl's journey towards womanhood.   这部小说讲述的是一个十几岁的女孩走向成年的经历。
■the qualities that are considered typical of a woman    女人味，女性特点
Brigitte Bardot was the dominant image of womanhood in French cinema during the 1960s.   碧姬．巴铎是20世纪60年代法国影坛突出的女性形象。
■formal 
■all women considered as a group    女性，妇女
the womanhood of the nation   全国的女性



★☆☆   womanize
—————————————————
(UK usually womanise) ['w&#x28A;m.&#x259;.na&#x26A;z]
verb intransitive disapproving 
■A man who womanizes often has temporary sexual relationships with women or tries to get women to have sex with him    沉溺女色；玩弄女性
He drank, womanized and wasted money.   他酗酒、玩弄女性，又挥霍金钱。



★☆☆   womankind
—————————————————
 old-fashioned 
noun uncountable 
■female humans in general 
  （统称）女性
In her latest book she discusses the menopause, which is a subject that concerns all womankind.   在最新的书里，她讨论了更年期这涉及所有女性的话题。    Compare mankind ; humankind



★☆☆   womanly
—————————————————
adjective 
■describes qualities, ideas or physical features which a woman is typically or traditionally thought to have    妇女的；女性特有的
She referred in a positive way to the 'traditional womanly goals of marriage and motherhood' several times in her talk.   她在讲话中数次以赞同的口吻谈到“结婚和生儿育女这些传统的女性目标”。
She used her womanly wiles/charms to persuade him to change his mind.   她用她女性特有的甜言蜜语／魅力说服他改变了主意。    Compare manly



★☆☆   womb
—————————————————
 (specialized uterus) 
noun countable 
■the organ in the body of a woman or other female mammal in which a baby develops before birth    子宫
Researchers are looking at how a mother's health can affect the baby in the womb.   研究人员正在观察母亲的健康会对子宫中的胎儿产生何种影响。



★☆☆   wombat
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an Australian wild animal which is similar to a small bear 
  （澳大利亚的）毛鼻袋熊



★☆☆   womenfolk
—————————————————
UK US  old-fashioned 
plural noun 
■the women in a family or society 
  （某家庭或社会中的）女性，女人们
The communal land is cultivated by the womenfolk in the tribe.   这个部落中的公共土地由女性来耕种。    Compare menfolk



★☆☆   women's libber
—————————————————
UK US old-fashioned 
noun countable 
■someone who supports efforts to achieve equality of women and men    妇女解放运动者
I'm not a women's libber, but I do believe women should be paid the same as men.   我不是一名妇女解放运动者，但我确实认为女性应该与男性同工同酬。



★☆☆   women's liberation
—————————————————
 (informal women's lib) old-fashioned 
noun uncountable 
■the aim of achieving equality for women in all areas of society    妇女的解放
the women's liberation movement   妇女解放运动



★☆☆   women's movement
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■those people whose social and political aims are to change women's position in society and increase knowledge about women's condition in society    妇女解放运动
The early 20th century women's movement fought for the political emancipation of women.   20世纪初的妇女运动是为争取女性政治上的解放而斗争。



★☆☆   women's refuge
—————————————————
 UK (US women's shelter) 
noun countable 
■a house where women whose husbands or partners have been violent towards them can go with their children for protection 
  （可使女性免遭男性暴力的）妇女庇护所



★☆☆   women's studies
—————————————————
plural noun 
■a course of studies about women in history, society and literature    妇女问题研究
She's doing a postgraduate course in women's studies.   她正在读妇女问题研究方面的硕士研究生课程。



★☆☆   womenswear
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■clothes for women    女装；妇女服饰
■the part of a large shop where you find women's clothing 
  （商店的）女装部



★☆☆   won
—————————————————
verb    past simple and past participle of 
■win 



★☆☆   wonder
—————————————————
UK verb 
QUESTION  质疑  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive 
■to ask yourself questions or express a wish to know about something    疑惑；想知道
[+ question word] Hadn't you better phone home? Your parents will be wondering wh ere you are.   你是不是最好给家里打个电话？你父母会想知道你在哪里的。
He's starting to wonder wh ether he did the right thing in accepting this job.   他现在开始怀疑自己接受这份工作是否正确。
[+ speech] Will this turkey be big enough for eight, I wonder?   我不知道这只火鸡够不够八个人吃。
"Have you decided where you're going next summer?" "I've been wondering about (= considering) going to Florida."   “你决定好明年夏天去哪里了吗？”“我一直在考虑去佛罗里达。”
 ESSENTIAL  
■used in phrases, at the beginning of a request, to make it more formal and polite 
  （用于短语中，使某一请求更加正式和礼貌）不知能否…
[+ speech] I wonder - could you help me carry these books?   不知你能否帮我搬这些书？
[+ question word] I wonder whether you could pass me the butter?   你能不能把奶油递给我？
I wonder if you could give me some information about places to visit in the area?   不知你能否给我提供一些这个地区可供游玩的地方的情况。UK verb 
SURPRISE  惊讶  
 IMPROVER  intransitive slightly formal 
■to feel or express great surprise at something    感到惊讶，觉得惊奇
[+ (that)] He was behaving so badly at school today, I wonder (that) he wasn't sent home.   他今天在学校的表现真差，我纳闷他怎么没被赶回家。
I don't wonder (that) she burst into tears after the way you spoke to her.   你那样对她说话，难怪她会突然哭起来。UK verb 
I shouldn't wonder mainly UK 
■probably    大概，也许
"Where's Mark been recently?" "Up to no good, I shouldn't wonder."   “马克最近去过甚么地方？”“大概没去甚么好地方。”UK noun 
uncountable 
■a feeling of great surprise and admiration caused by seeing or experiencing something that is strange and new    惊讶；惊叹
The sight of the Grand Canyon stretching out before them filled them with wonder.   大峡谷展现在眼前的景象，令他们惊叹万分。
The boys gazed in wonder at the shiny red Ferrari.   男孩子们惊讶地盯着那辆闪亮的红色法拉利跑车。
countable usually plural 
■an object that causes a feeling of great surprise and admiration    奇观；奇迹；奇事
We spent a week visiting the wonders of Ancient Greek civilization.   我们花了一周时间游览古希腊文明的奇观。
With all the wonders of modern technology , why has no one come up with a way to make aircraft quieter?   既然现代科技创造了如此多的奇迹，为甚么没人想个办法令飞行更安静一些呢？
countable informal 
■an extremely useful or skilful person    极其有用的人；能人
Our new babysitter's an absolute wonder - she'll come at very short notice and the children love her.   我们家新来的保姆确实非常能干——她能在接到通知后很快赶来，而且孩子们也喜欢她。UK noun 
do/work wonders informal 
■to have a very good effect    产生奇妙的作用
Doctors have discovered that keeping a pet can do wonders for your health.   医生们发现，养一只宠物会对你的健康产生奇妙的作用。UK noun 
it's a wonder 
■it is surprising    真奇怪；真令人惊讶
It's a wonder (that)he ever reached Paris, because he set off with only £5 in his pocket.   令人惊讶的是他竟然到了巴黎，因为他出发时口袋里只有五英镑。UK noun 
little/small wonder 
■it is not really surprising    并不奇怪
Her car's been broken for the past two months, so it's little wonder (that)she hasn't come to visit you recently.   她的车坏了两个月，所以她最近没来看你并不奇怪。UK noun 
no wonder  ADVANCED  
■it is not surprising    并不让人惊讶；并不奇怪
No wonder the children are excited, - this is the first time they've been abroad.   孩子们那么兴奋并不奇怪——这是他们第一次出国。
"If brutal killers like these two are at work, it is no wonder that so many Kosovans have fled," he said.   “如果有如此凶残的两个杀手在活动，那就难怪那么多科索沃人逃走了。”他说道。UK noun 
wonders never cease humorous 
■an expression of surprise used when something unusual or unexpected happens    真是令人惊讶；奇迹总是会发生的
Lynda actually managed to get up before ten o'clock. Wonders never cease!   琳达居然在十点之前起床了。真是奇迹！



★☆☆   wonder drug
—————————————————
informal 
noun countable 
■a very effective new medicine    有奇效的新药；新的灵丹妙药
It has proved to be a wonder drug for sufferers of epilepsy, reducing seizures by up to 80%.   它被证明是治疗癫痫症患者的灵丹妙药，可以减少高达80%的症状发作。



★☆☆   wonderful
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  
■extremely good    绝妙的，令人惊叹的，极好的
He's a wonderful cook.   他是个非常出色的厨师。
"Did you know that Daryl's getting married?" "No, I didn't. How wonderful!"   “你知道达尔里要结婚了吗？”“不知道。太棒了！”
We had a wonderful time in Italy last summer.   去年夏天，我们在义大利玩得非常尽兴。UK adjective 
  Common Learner Errors   wonderful   Warning: Common word-building error!   Adjectives which end in the suffix -ful have only one 'l'.   Don't write 'wonderfull', write wonderful.



★☆☆   wonderfully
—————————————————
UK adverb 
■extremely, or extremely well    极好地；绝妙地
This sauce goes wonderfully well with fish, asparagus or new potatoes.   这种调味酱无论是配鱼、芦笋还是新马铃薯都非常棒。
As a child I hated my brother, but now we get on wonderfully.   小时候我讨厌我的兄弟，但现在我们的关系非常融洽。



★☆☆   wonderland
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a place that is especially attractive or beautiful    仙境；美丽的地方
The family emigrated to New Zealand in 1949, which seemed a wonderland in comparison with post-war England.   这个家庭于1949年移居纽西兰，与战后的英格兰相比，这里像是一个仙境。



★☆☆   wonderment
—————————————————
UK US literary 
noun uncountable 
■great and pleasant surprise    惊喜；惊叹
He listened with quiet wonderment as his grandfather told him of his life in the circus.   当祖父给他讲自己在马戏团的生活时，他惊奇地静静听着。



★☆☆   wondrous
—————————————————
 literary 
adjective 
■extremely and surprisingly good    极棒的，绝妙的
a wondrous sight/sound/thing   绝妙的景色／天籁之音／绝妙的东西
Our new improved face cream has wondrous effects on tired-looking skin.   我们新改良的面霜对有倦容的皮肤有神奇的效果。



★☆☆   wondrously
—————————————————
 literary 
adverb 
■extremely, used to emphasize an approving description    极好地；绝妙地



★☆☆   wonga
—————————————————
UK  US UK slang 
noun uncountable 
■money    钱



★☆☆   wonk
—————————————————
UK US  US informal 
noun countable 
■a person who works or studies too much, especially someone who learns and knows all the details about something    工作狂；疯狂用功的人；（尤指某方面的）专家
As the NEC's deputy for domestic policy issues, Sperling has functioned as both policy wonk and political guru.   作为国家经济委员会负责对内政策的副主席，斯珀林既是政策方面的专家又是政治方面的权威。



★☆☆   wonky
—————————————————
UK adjective    UK informal 
■shaky, weak or unsatisfactory    摇晃的；虚弱的；令人不满意的
One of the legs on this chair is a bit wonky.   这把椅子的一条腿有点晃。
He may have to stop playing cricket because of his wonky knee.   因为膝盖不太好，他可要得告别板球了。
The jury system may be a bit wonky but nobody's ever thought of anything better.   陪审制度可能不太令人满意，但是没人能想出更好的体系来。
■informal 
■not straight or level    不直的；不平的
wonky teeth   参差不齐的牙齿
a wonky picture   挂歪了的画
I don't enjoy those programmes with wonky camera angles and pop music.   我不喜欢那些用斜镜头拍摄、用流行音乐伴奏的节目。



★☆☆   wont
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
noun 
as is someone's wont 
■in the way that someone usually does    像（某人）惯常的一样
She arrived an hour late, as is her wont.   她像往常一样晚到了一小时。UK US  formal 
adjective 
be wont to do sth 
■to often do something    常做…
The previous city council was wont to overspend.   先前的市议会常常会超支。
They spent much of the time reminiscing about the war, as old soldiers are wont to do.   像老兵们常做的那样，他们把大部分时间用来回忆那场战争。



★☆☆   won't
—————————————————
UK short form of 
 ESSENTIAL  
■will not 
I won't go without you.   你不走，我也不走。
Won't it be nice to see Paul again?   再次见到保罗，难道不让人高兴吗？



★☆☆   wonted
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
adjective [before noun] 
■usual    通常的
He replied sharply, and without his wonted courtesy.   他一改往日的谦恭，作了尖锐的回答。



★☆☆   woo
—————————————————
 (wooing, wooed, wooed)
verb transitive 
■to try to persuade someone to support you or to use your business    争取；努力说服
The party has been trying to woo the voters with promises of electoral reform.   该政党承诺进行选举改革，以争取选民的支持。
The airline has been offering discounted tickets to woo passengers away from their competitors.   这家航空公司一直在出售折扣机票，以从竞争对手那里争取乘客。
■old-fashioned 
■If a man woos a woman, he gives her a lot of attention in an attempt to persuade her to marry him 
  （男子）向…求爱，向…求婚
He wooed her for months with flowers and expensive presents.   他用鲜花和昂贵的礼物追求了她好几个月。



★☆☆   wood
—————————————————
noun 
MATERIAL  材料  
 ESSENTIAL  countable or uncountable 
■a hard substance which forms the branches and trunks of trees and which can be used as a building material, for making things, or as a fuel    木头；木材；木料；木柴
He gathered some wood to build a fire.   他捡了些木头生了一堆火。
She fixed a couple of planks of wood to the wall for shelves.   她将一些木板固定在墙上当作架子。
Mahogany is a hard wood and pine is a soft wood.   红木是硬木，松木是软木。
The room was heated by a wood -burning stove.   这个房间是靠烧木头的炉子来取暖。
countable 
■a type of golf club (= long, thin stick) with a rounded wooden end, used in golf for hitting the ball over long distances 
  （顶部为木制的高尔夫球）球杆
He likes to use a number 2 wood to tee off.   他喜欢用二号球杆开球。noun 
GROUP OF TREES  树林  
 ADVANCED  countable (also woods [plural]) 
■an area of land covered with a thick growth of trees    树林；森林
an oak wood   橡树林
We went for a walk in the woods after lunch.   午饭后，我们在树林里散步。
⇨ See also woodlandnoun 
be out of the woods informal 
■to no longer be in danger or difficulty    脱离险境（或困境）
The club has been given funding for another year, but it's not out of the woods yet.   这个俱乐部下一年的资金已经有了，但仍未摆脱困境。noun 
from the wood UK 
■If a drink such as wine or beer is described as being from the wood, it has been stored in a wooden container. 
  （酒）从木桶里取出的；（酒）在木制容器中存放的noun 
not see the wood for the trees UK (US not see the forest for the trees) 
■to be unable to get a general understanding of a situation because you are too worried about the details    只见树木，不见森林adjective 
■made of wood    木制的，木头做成的
Solid wood furniture is much more sturdy and durable than chipboard furniture.   实木家俱要比刨花板家俱结实耐用得多。
We sanded and polished the wood floor in the living room.   我们将客厅的木地板打磨擦亮。
Much of the original 18th-century wood panelling was destroyed in the fire.   许多18世纪的木质护墙板都在火灾中被焚毁。
⇨ See also wooden



★☆☆   woodbine
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a climbing plant with pleasant-smelling yellow flowers    欧洲忍冬
US for    * virginia creeper 



★☆☆   woodblock
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a piece of wood on which a pattern is cut which is used for printing    木刻印版
She designs her own fabrics using woodblocks and stencils to create patterns on the material.   她用木刻印版和模版在料子上印上图案来设计自己的织物。
■UK 
■one of a set of small, flat pieces of wood which are used to make a wooden floor 
  （铺地板用的）木块，木板
a woodblock floor   木板地面
⇨ See also parquet



★☆☆   woodcarving
—————————————————
UK noun 
uncountable 
■the process of cutting into the surface of wood to create a decorative shape or pattern    木雕；木刻
Some of the finest examples of woodcarving in Europe can be found in medieval churches.   欧洲一些最精美的木雕可以在中世纪的教堂里找到。
countable 
■a piece of wood that has been decorated in this way    木雕品
Her woodcarvings will be on display at the gallery next month.   她的木雕作品将于下月在美术馆展出。



★☆☆   woodchuck
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small animal with short legs and rough, reddish brown fur which lives in North America    美洲旱獭，花白旱獭



★☆☆   woodcut
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a picture printed from a pattern which has been cut in the surface of a block of wood    木刻；木版画



★☆☆   wooded
—————————————————
adjective 
■covered with trees    长有树木的
wooded hills   长有树木的小山
The police found a vital clue to the girl's disappearance in a wooded area near her home.   警方在失踪女孩家附近的树林里发现了重要线索。



★☆☆   wooden
—————————————————
adjective 
WOOD  
 IMPROVER  
■made of wood    木制的
The house was surrounded by a tall, wooden fence.   这所房子被一道高高的木制篱笆围了起来。
Stir the mixture with a wooden spoon.   用木勺搅打混合物。adjective 
AWKWARD  笨拙的     disapproving 
■describes behaviour that is awkward or shows little expression 
  （行为）僵硬的，呆板的
She gave a wooden smile to the camera.   她向相机不自然地笑了一下。
I thought the lead actor gave rather a wooden performance.   我觉得那个主角的表演相当呆板。



★☆☆   woodenly
—————————————————
adverb disapproving 
■in an awkward way or showing no expression    僵硬的，呆板的
She nodded woodenly, her body still numb from the shock.   她僵硬地点点头，身体还处于受惊吓后的迟钝状态。



★☆☆   woodland
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■land on which many trees grow, or an area of this    林地，林区
The Forestry Commission is responsible for preserving over 2 million acres of woodland.   林业委员会负责保护200多万英亩的林区。
Some very rare and special plants grow in these woodlands.   这片林地生长着一些非常稀有和特别的植物。



★☆☆   woodlouse
—————————————————
 (plural woodlice)
noun countable 
■a small dark-grey creature with a hard outer shell, which is found under stones or in slightly wet soil and is a crustacean not an insect    潮虫，窃虫



★☆☆   woodpecker
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a bird which uses its strong beak to make holes in tree trunks in order to find insects to eat    啄木鸟



★☆☆   wood pulp 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■wood which has been changed into a soft mass which can then be used for making paper 
  （造纸用的）木浆



★☆☆   woodshed
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small building where wood for burning is stored    柴棚



★☆☆   woodwind
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
■belonging or relating to a group of pipe-shaped musical instruments which are played by blowing through a thin flattened tube at one end or across a hole near one end    木管乐器的
The clarinet, flute, saxophone and bassoon are all woodwind instruments.   单簧管、长笛、萨克斯管以及低音管都属于木管乐器。    Compare brass ; percussionnoun 
the woodwind only singular 
■the group of woodwind instruments and their players in an orchestra    木管乐器部分；木管乐器演奏者
The woodwind was particularly haunting during the slow second movement.   慢板第二乐章中的木管乐器部分，尤其让人难以忘怀。



★☆☆   woodwork
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
STRUCTURE  结构  
■the wooden parts of a building, especially a house 
  （尤指房子的）木构件
There's some rotting woodwork on the outside of the house that we need to replace.   房子的外部有些腐烂的木构件我们需要更换掉。
■UK informal 
■any part of the wooden or metal frame that forms part of a goal in football 
  （足球中的）门柱，横梁
Liverpool hit the woodwork twice in the first half.   上半场利物浦队两次击中门柱。UK noun uncountable 
ACTIVITY  行动     mainly UK (US usually woodworking) 
■the activity of making objects such as furniture from wood    木工工作
woodwork classes/lessons   木工班／课
I used to enjoy woodwork at school.   我过去上学时喜欢上木工课。UK noun uncountable 
come/crawl out of the woodwork mainly disapproving 
■to appear after having been hidden or not active for a long time 
  （长期隐藏或沉寂后）公开露面，活跃起来
After you've been in a relationship for a while all sorts of little secrets start to come out of the woodwork.   在你谈了一段恋爱之后，各种各样的小秘密就都冒了出来。



★☆☆   woodworm
—————————————————
UK US  (plural woodworm)
noun    countable 
■the young form of particular types of beetle which make small holes in wood as they feed on it    木蛀虫，木蠹
uncountable 
■the damage done to wooden objects when woodworm feed on them    木蛀虫害，木蠹虫害
The roof timbers were riddled with woodworm.   屋顶上的木材被蛀虫咬得满是窟窿。



★☆☆   woody
—————————————————
adjective 
MATERIAL  材料  
■like wood, for example in taste or smell    像木头的
■describes plants with hard stems 
  （植物）木本的
The garden was overgrown with woody plants such as hawthorn and bramble.   花园里长满了诸如山楂、黑莓之类的木本植物。adjective 
GROUP OF TREES  树林  
■having many trees    树木丛生的
They lived in a remote cottage set high on a woody hillside.   他们住在一座偏远的茅屋里，这座茅屋高高地坐落在长满树木的山坡上。



★☆☆   woof
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a written representation of the noise that a dog makes, used especially in children's books 
  （尤用于儿童书中）狗的叫声，汪汪叫声
"Miaow, miaow, " went the cat. "Woof, woof, " went the dog.   “喵！喵！”小猫叫道。“汪！汪！”小狗叫道。



★☆☆   wool
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 IMPROVER  
■the soft, thick hair which grows on the bodies of sheep and some other animals    羊毛；动物毛
The blankets are made from wool and the sheets from cotton.   毯子是羊毛的，床单是棉的。
 IMPROVER  
■thick thread or material that is made from this    毛线；毛料
Put on your red wool cardigan - it'll be nice and warm.   穿上你的红色羊毛衫——会很暖和。
How many balls of wool did you need to knit that sweater?   你织那件毛衣需要多少团毛线？noun uncountable 
pull the wool over sb's eyes 
■to deceive someone in order to prevent them from discovering something    蒙骗（某人）



★☆☆   woollen
—————————————————
(US usually woolen) ['w&#x28A;l.&#x259;n]
adjective 
■made of wool    羊毛制成的
a woollen scarf   羊毛围巾



★☆☆   woollens
—————————————————
(US usually woolens) ['w&#x28A;l.&#x259;nz]
plural noun 
■clothes made from wool or sometimes from wool mixed with artificial materials    毛料衣服；混纺衣服



★☆☆   woolly
—————————————————
(US also wooly) ['w&#x28A;l.i]
adjective 
OF WOOL  羊毛的  
■made of wool, or made of something that looks like wool    羊毛制的；仿羊毛的
a woolly hat/jumper   羊毛帽子／套衫(US also wooly) ['w&#x28A;l.i]
adjective 
NOT CLEAR  不清楚的     disapproving 
■Woolly ideas and reasoning are confused and not clear, and have not been considered carefully enough 
  （想法等）不清楚的，模糊的，混乱的
It's the woolly thinking behind the book that I find so infuriating.   这本书混乱的思路令我感到非常愤怒。
I can't stand these woolly -headed/-minded liberals!   我真受不了那些头脑混乱的自由主义者！(US also wooly) ['w&#x28A;l.i]
noun countable old-fashioned informal 
■a piece of clothing made from wool, especially a jumper    毛衣；毛料衣服；（尤指）羊毛套衣



★☆☆   Woop Woop
—————————————————
 Australian informal 
noun countable 
■any small town which is far away from anywhere important    偏远小镇（远离尘嚣，不知名的小镇）



★☆☆   woozy
—————————————————
 informal 
adjective 
■feeling weak or ill and unable to think clearly    虚弱的；头昏脑胀的
I was still woozy from the flu/anaesthetic/medication/wine.   我仍因流感／麻醉药／药物／喝酒而感到头昏脑胀。



★☆☆   wop
—————————————————
UK US  offensive 
noun countable 
■a man from southern Europe, especially Italy    南欧佬；（尤指）义大利佬



★☆☆   Worcestershire sauce
—————————————————
UK US [-tɚ.&#x283;ɚ's&#x251;:s/ (UK also Worcester sauce) 
noun uncountable 
■a dark brown spicy liquid added to food to increase its flavour    伍斯特辣酱（一种深棕色辣酱，用于为食物增味）
Would you like Worcester sauce in your tomato juice?   你的番茄汁里要不要加伍斯特辣酱？



★☆☆   word
—————————————————
UK noun 
LANGUAGE UNIT  语言单位  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a single unit of language which has meaning and can be spoken or written    词；字；单词
Your essay should be no more than two thousand words long.   你的论文不应超过2000字。
Some words are more difficult to spell than others.   有些词比其他的词难拼写。
What's the word for bikini in French?   法语中的“比基尼”怎么说？
It's sometimes difficult to find exactly the right word to express what you want to say.   有时很难找到恰当的词来表达你想说的意思。
the f-/c- etc. word 
■used to refer to a word, usually a rude or embarrassing one, by saying only the first letter and not the whole word    通常是粗鲁或令人难堪的词，只说出该词的第一个字母来指代该词
You're still not allowed to say the f-word on TV in the US.   在美国的电视上仍然不允许说那个以f开头的词。
So how's the diet going - or would you rather I didn't mention the d-word?   节食进行得怎么样——也许你不愿意让我提那个以d开头的字。UK noun 
TALKING  简短的陈述  
 IMPROVER  only singular 
■a short discussion or statement    简短的交谈，谈话
The manager wants a word.   经理想谈一谈。
Could I have a word (with you) about the sales figures?   我能（和你）就销售数字谈一谈吗？
Perhaps you would have a quiet word with Simon (= gently explain to him) about the problem.   或许你可以和气地向赛门解释这件事。
words [plural] 
■angry words    争吵，口角
Both competitors had words (= argued) after the match.   两名参赛者在比赛后发生争吵。
Words passed between both competitors (= They argued) after the match.   两名参赛者在比赛后发生争吵。
■disapproving 
■discussion, rather than action    讨论（而非行动）
I'm afraid so far there have been more words than action on the matter of childcare provision.   恐怕到目前为止，提供儿童保育的问题更多停留在讨论层面上，而较少付诸实行。
have/exchange words 
■to talk to each other for a short time    简短交谈
We exchanged a few words as we were coming out of the meeting.   我们走出会议室时匆匆交谈了几句。UK noun 
NEWS  消息  
uncountable 
■news or a message    消息；信息
Have you had word from Paul since he went to New York?   自从保罗去纽约之后，你听到过他的消息吗？
We got word of their plan from a former colleague.   我们从以前的一个同事那里得知他们的计划。
Word of the discovery caused a stir among astronomers.   关于这项新发现的消息，在天文学家当中引起了轰动。UK noun 
PROMISE  诺言  
only singular 
■a promise    诺言；承诺
I said I'd visit him and I shall keep my word.   我说过要去拜访他，我得说话算数。
You have my word - I won't tell a soul.   我保证——我不会告诉别人。UK noun 
ORDER  命令  
only singular 
■an order    命令，指示
We're waiting for the word from head office before making a statement.   我们正在等待总部的命令，之后才会发表声明。
The troops will go into action as soon as their commander gives the word.   指挥官一下令，部队就会立即行动起来。
At a word from their teacher, the children started to tidy away their books.   老师一下命令，孩子就开始收拾起他们的书来。UK noun 
breathe/say a word 
■to tell other people about something    告诉别人，讲出去
Don't say a word about the accident to my mother.   关于这场事故，一点都别告诉我妈妈。
If you breathe a word of this to anyone, I'll be really upset.   如果你把这件事告诉别人，我就会非常生气。UK noun 
by word of mouth 
■in speech but not in writing    口头上的
All the orders were given by word of mouth so that no written evidence could be discovered later.   所有命令都是口头传达的，所以事后找不到任何书面证据。UK noun 
from the word go 
■from the start of something    从一开始
The bridge-building project had problems with funding right from the word go.   这个造桥工程从一开始资金就有问题。UK noun 
give your word formal 
■to promise    承诺；保证
He gave his word that he would marry her and she had no cause to doubt him.   他保证会与她结婚，她没有理由怀疑他。UK noun 
have a word in sb's ear 
■to give someone a piece of advice or information secretly    悄悄地说；耳语UK noun 
in a word 
■said when you are going to give your opinion about something quickly and directly    简而言之，一言以蔽之
In a word, she's lying.   一句话，她在说谎。UK noun 
in your own words 
■If a person says something in their own words, they speak without copying what someone else has said.    用（某人）自己的话说
The court has heard accounts of that night's events from several witnesses - now please tell us in your own words what you saw.   法庭已经听取了几位证人对那天晚上所发生事件的陈述，现在请你说说你看到的情况。UK noun 
in words of one syllable 
■in simple language avoiding long, difficult or specialized words    用简单的话，用容易理解的话
Could you explain to me in words of one syllable how an electron microscope works?   你能用简单的话给我解释一下电子显微镜的运作原理吗？UK noun 
man/woman of his/her word 
■someone who keeps their promises    信守诺言的人
You can trust him - he's a man of his word.   你可以相信他——他是个信守诺言的人。UK noun 
(upon) my word! old-fashioned 
■used to express surprise    哟，嗨，哎呀（表示惊讶或生气）
My word! Isn't that Jenkins on the roof?   哎呀！屋顶上不是詹金斯吗？UK noun 
not get a word in edgeways UK (US not get a word in edgewise) informal 
■to not be able to say anything because someone else is talking all the time    插不进话，插不了嘴
Roz was talking so much that nobody else could get a word in edgeways!   罗兹话太多了，别人连一句话也插不进去。UK noun 
put in a good word for sb 
■to say positive things about someone    为（某人）美言，说（某人）的好话
I really need a job and I was hoping you might put in a good word for me with your boss.   我真的需要一份工作，所以希望你能在你老板面前为我美言几句。UK noun 
put the word about/around/out/round 
■to tell people a new piece of news    发布消息；传出消息
So, the new manager has been appointed - should we put the word around?   那么已经任命了新的经理——我们应不应该公布这消息？UK noun 
put words in/into sb's mouth 
■to suggest that someone meant one thing when really they meant another    曲解（某人）的话，故意歪曲（某人）的话
Stop putting words in my mouth - I didn't say you looked fat in the red dress - I merely said you looked very slim in the black!   别曲解我的话——我并不是说你穿红色显胖——我只是说你穿黑色显得非常苗条！UK noun 
take sb at their word (also take sb's word for it) 
■to believe that what someone says is true    相信（某人）的话
He said he'd give me a job and I just took him at his word.   他说过会给我一份工作，而我就信以为真了。
If he says there's $500 in the envelope, then I'll take his word for it.   如果他说信封里有500美元，那我会相信他说的话。UK noun 
take the words out of sb's mouth 
■to say something which another person was just about to say or which they were thinking    说出（某人）要说（或正在思考）的话
"What a rude and obnoxious man!" "You took the words right out of my mouth!"   “那个男人真是又粗鲁又讨厌！”“那正是我想说的！”UK noun 
word for word 
■using exactly the same words    逐字地，一字不差地
She listened to everything I said and repeated it word for word to her mum.   她把我说的一切听得清清楚楚，并一字不漏地转述给她妈妈听。
a word-for-word account   一字不差的叙述
■If you translate speech or writing word for word, you change one word at a time in the same order rather than in phrases or other larger units of meaning.    逐字（照译）UK noun 
word gets about/around/round 
■When word gets about/around/round, news spreads fast within a group of people 
  （消息）迅速传开
"I hear you were having drinks with a tall, dark, handsome man last night." "Wow, word gets round fast, doesn't it?"   “我听说你昨晚和一个高大帅气、皮肤略黑的男子一起喝酒？”“天哪，消息传得可真快，不是吗？”
She doesn't want word getting around the office that she's pregnant.   她不想让办公室里的人知道自己怀孕的事。UK noun 
word has it 
■used to refer to something which is generally thought to be true although not official or known to be a fact    据传言；据传闻
Word has it (that) they may separate.   据说他们要分开。UK noun 
(the) word is 
■used to refer to something which has been reported but not officially stated    据说；据报道
The word is (that) more hostages will be released over the next few weeks.   据报道，以后的几周内将有更多的人质被释放。§UK noun 
(the) word is/gets out 
■a piece of news is known, especially if it was secret or if it will cause changes    有消息说
The word is out that superstar Candice is to marry towards the end of this year.   有消息说超级明星坎迪斯将于今年年底结婚。UK noun 
words fail me 
■said to emphasize your surprise or shock, especially at something you have just seen or been told 
  （尤指因刚见到或刚被告知的事）惊得说不出话来，不知说甚么好
"So what did you think of Olive's pink outfit?" "Words fail me, I've never seen anything quite like it!"   “那么你觉得奥利芙的那套粉色衣服怎么样？”“我都不知道说甚么好，我从没见过那样的东西！”UK verb transitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to choose the words you use when you are saying or writing something    措词；用言辞表达
He worded the reply in such a way that he did not admit making the original error.   他在回答中的措词表明他不承认原来犯的错误。
⇨ See also reword



★☆☆   word association 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a method sometimes used in psychoanalysis in which the person being treated says the first word they think of when a particular word is said, which may help to discover how parts of the mind work 
  （心理学上的）词联想测验



★☆☆   wording
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the choice and meaning of the words used when you say or write something    措词，用词
Norman agreed that the wording of the advertisement was unnecessarily offensive and it was changed.   诺曼承认广告的措词冒犯性太强，于是便改掉了。
We don't yet know the exact/precise wording of the agreement.   我们还不知道协议具体是怎么说的。



★☆☆   wordless
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■without any words    无言的；沉默的
We sat in wordless contemplation of the view.   我们默默无言地坐着凝视这景象。



★☆☆   word perfect
—————————————————
UK (US letter perfect) 
adjective 
■describes words produced without any mistakes, or a person who is able to repeat a particular text from memory without making any mistakes    一字不差的；能一字不差地背出的；滚瓜烂熟的
His mother rehearsed his lines with him and by the time the play opened he was word perfect.   他妈妈跟他对台词，到演出开始时他已经背得滚瓜烂熟了。
"Your German was word perfect when we spoke earlier, Mr Whitlock, " Franz said.   “在我们刚才交谈时，你的德语讲得一字不错，惠特洛克先生。”弗朗兹说道。
a word-perfect rendition/recitation   纯熟的表演／一字不差的背诵



★☆☆   wordplay
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■when you joke about the meanings of words, especially in a clever way    巧妙应答；俏皮话；文字游戏



★☆☆   word processing 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the organization of text in electronic form such as on a computer 
  （在电脑上的）文字处理
a word processing program/package   文字处理程式／软体套件



★☆☆   word processor 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a computer used for preparing documents and letters, or the program that is used for this    文字处理机；文字处理程式
With suitable software you can use your PC as a word processor.   运用恰当的软体，你可以将个人电脑当作文字处理机使用。
Which word processor do you have on your computer?   你的电脑上装的是哪个文字处理程式？



★☆☆   wordsmith
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who has skill with using words, especially in writing    语言大师；语言艺术家（擅于运用文字者，尤其是写作）
In today's review section Anthony Edwards, playwright, poet, novelist and general wordsmith, talks about his glittering career.   在今天的评论栏目中，安东尼‧爱德华——著名的剧作家、诗人、小说家和语言大师——将为我们讲述他光辉的事业。



★☆☆   wordy
—————————————————
UK US  disapproving 
adjective 
■containing an unnecessarily large amount of words    冗长的；啰嗦的
As usual she gave a reply which was wordy and didn't answer the question.   像往常一样，她的回答十分啰嗦，而且答非所问。



★☆☆   wore
—————————————————
UK verb    past simple of 
■wear 



★☆☆   work
—————————————————
UK noun 
ACTIVITY  行动  
 ESSENTIAL  uncountable 
■an activity, such as a job, which a person uses physical or mental effort to do, usually for money    工作；劳动；活儿
I've got so much work to do.   我有一大堆工作要做。
Carrying heavy loads around all day is hard work.   整天来回运送重物是件苦事。
What time do you start/finish work?   你甚么时间开始／完成工作?
Adrian does most of the work around the house.   阿德里安做大部分的家务。
What sort of work are you experienced in?   你对哪一种工作有经验？
She tends to wear quite smart clothes for work.   她总是穿得漂漂亮亮的去上班。
Roger's work involves a lot of travelling.   罗杰的工作需要经常出差。
 ESSENTIAL  uncountable 
■the material used by someone at work, or what they produce    工作材料；工作成果
I'll have to take this work home with me and finish it there.   我只好把这项工作带回家完成。
All the furniture is the work of residents here.   所有家俱都是这里居民的劳动成果。
  Common Learner Errors   work   Warning: Choose the right verb!   Don't say 'make work', say do work :
✗ Francesca always makes her work efficiently and with a smile.   Francesca always does her work efficiently and with a smile.
  Common Learner Errors   work or job?   Warning: Choose the right word!   Work is an uncountable noun and refers to the activity that someone does in their job.   We need to improve the efficiency of our work.   To talk about a particular piece of work or the regular work that someone does to earn money, don't say 'work', say job :   Sarah is looking for a new job.UK noun 
PLACE  地点  
 ESSENTIAL  uncountable 
■a place where a person goes specially to do their job    工作场所，工作地点
Do you have far to travel to work each day?   你每天上班路远不远？
Thousands of people are seriously injured at work every year.   每年都有数以千计的人在工作中受重伤。
When does she leave for work?   她甚么时候去上班？UK noun 
CREATION  创造  
 ADVANCED  countable 
■something created as a result of effort, especially a painting, book or piece of music    作品，著作（尤指绘画、书籍或音乐作品）
The museum has many works by Picasso as well as other modern painters.   这家博物馆有很多毕加索的作品，也有不少其他现代画家的作品。
the poetic works of Tagore   泰戈尔的诗作UK noun 
EVERYTHING  所有的  
the works informal 
■everything that you might want or expect to find in a particular situation    全套物品
The bridegroom was wearing a morning suit, gloves, top hat - the works.   新郎穿着晨礼服，戴着手套和高顶礼帽——全套的行头。
mainly US And let me have two large pizzas with the works (= with all available types of food on top).   给我来两份全套的薄饼吧。UK noun 
FACTORY  工厂  
works countable [+ sing/pl verb] (plural works)
■an industrial building, especially one where a lot of people are employed 
  （尤指工人众多的）工厂
a steel/car works   钢铁／汽车厂UK noun 
MACHINE  机器  
works [plural] 
■the parts of a machine, especially those that move 
  （机器的）活动部件
If you take the back off this clock, you can see its/the works.   如果你把钟的后盖打开，就会看到那些活动部件。UK noun 
PHYSICS  物理  
uncountable specialized 
■force multiplied by distance moved    功；做功UK noun 
All work and no play (makes Jack a dull boy). saying 
■said to warn someone that they will not be an interesting person if they work all the time    只用功不玩耍（聪明孩子也变傻）。UK noun 
be at work 
■to be working    在工作
The labourers were at work in the fields.   劳动者们正在田间劳动。    literary 
■to be having an effect, usually an obvious or bad effect    起作用，有效（尤指明显的或不良效果）
It seems as though forces of destruction are increasingly at work throughout society.   破坏力量似乎正在给整个社会造成越来越坏的影响。UK noun 
be in work/out of work 
■to have a job, or not to have a job    有／没有工作
He was always in work, right from the day he left school.   他从离开学校的那一天起，就一直在工作。
My father was out of work at the time, so we struggled, obviously.   我爸爸当时失业了，所以很明显我们的日子很不好过。
an out-of-work actor/manager   失业的演员／经理UK noun 
get/set to work 
■to start doing a job or a piece of work    开始工作；着手一项工作
We'd better get to work on stacking this wood if we want to finish before it gets dark.   如果我们想在天黑前完成的话，最好现在就开始堆这些木头。UK noun 
have your work cut out (for you) 
■to have something very difficult to do    面临艰巨的任务
She'll really have her work cut out to finish all those reports by the end of the week.   在周末之前完成所有这些报告对她来说真是个艰巨的任务。UK verb 
HAVE EFFECT  产生效果  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to be effective or successful    有效；成功
Her idea for reorganizing the department will never work in practice.   她关于部门重组的构想，实际上永远都不会实现。
The tablets will start to work in a few minutes.   几分钟后药片就会开始起作用。
Some people think I'm weird doing meditation, but it works for me and that's all that matters.   有些人认为我进行冥想有点古怪，但这对我有用，这才是最重要的。
Arguably, the monarchy worked well for many centuries.   有据可考，君主政体成功施行了很多个世纪。UK verb 
DO JOB  工作  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to do a job, especially the job you do to earn money, or to make someone do a job 
  （使）工作；（使）劳动；（使）干活儿（尤指为了赚钱）
He works at the local hospital.   他在当地的医院工作。
She worked as a cleaner at the hospital.   她在医院里当清洁工人。
Mike works for a computer company.   麦克在一家电脑公司工作。
It's not unusual for a junior doctor to work a seventy or sometimes an eighty hour week.   对于一名初级医生来说，每周工作70甚或80小时是很平常的。
Have you any experience of working with children who have learning difficulties?   你有没有辅导过学习吃力的孩子？
The instructors worked us very hard on the survival course.   生存训练课上，老师把我们累坏了。
⇨ See also work to rule at work-to-ruleUK verb 
OPERATE  运作  
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■If a machine or device works, it operates, especially correctly and without failure, and if you work it, you make it operate    运转，运行；操作
Our telephone isn't working.   我们的电话坏了。
You need a team of about twelve people to work a furnace this size.   这样大小的熔炉需要大约12个人来维持其运行。
The pump works off/on (= uses) wind power.   这个泵利用风力。
The pump is worked by (= uses to operate) wind power.   这个泵靠风力运作。
I can't get the radio to work.   我怎么也弄不好这台收音机。UK verb 
SUCCEED IN BECOMING  成功变成  
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive [+ adv/prep] 
■to succeed gradually in becoming something or cause a person or thing to become something, either by making an effort or by making many small movements 
  （使）变成；（使）成为
He started as a technician and worked his way up through the company to become managing director.   他从一名技术员做起，一步一步晋升为公司的总经理。
Eventually she worked her way through (= read) the huge amount of technical papers.   最后她终于读完了一大堆技术论文。
[R] Vibration tends to make nuts and screws work them selves loose.   震动会使螺母和螺丝自动松开。
The screws had worked loose over time.   随着时间过去，螺丝已经松了。UK verb 
ARRANGE  安排  
transitive informal 
■to arrange for something to happen, especially by not using official methods and/or by being clever 
  （尤指不透过官方认可的方式或巧妙地）安排
I don't know how she worked it , but she retired at fifty on a full salary.   我不知道她是如何做到在50岁领全薪退休的。
Can we work things (out) so that there's always someone here to answer the telephone during office hours?   我们能否安排一下，以便在工作时间这里总是有人接电话？UK verb 
SHAPE  使成形  
transitive 
■to shape, change or process a substance    使成形；塑造；加工
Working iron requires higher temperatures than bronze.   加工铁比加工青铜需要更高温度。
Gently work the butter into the flour until there are no lumps left.   轻轻地把奶油揉到面粉里，直到没有硬块为止。UK verb 
work a treat UK 
■to operate very well    运作顺利
This new drill works a treat on hard metals.   这台新钻机在硬金属上钻起孔来很不错。UK verb 
work like a charm (also work like magic) 
■to be very effective, possibly in a surprising way    立竿见影；非常奏效
Flattery usually works like a charm with him.   拍他的马屁通常十分有效。UK verb 
work wonders/miracles (UK also work a treat) 
■to produce very good effects    有奇效，非常有效
A little bit of oil works wonders on squeaky hinges.   给嘎吱嘎吱响的铰链上点油就能马上解决问题。
■2. Running works wonders for the metabolism.


work 1	 跑步非常有益于新陈代谢。UK verb 
work your fingers to the bone 
■to work extremely hard, especially for a long time 
  （尤指长期）辛苦劳作，拼命工作
She worked her fingers to the bone to provide a home and food for seven children.   她长年累月地辛苦劳作，好让七个孩子能有个家，能吃上饭。UK verb 
work like a Trojan (US work like a dog) approving 
■to work very hard    勤奋地工作UK verb 
work till/until you drop 
■to work until you are so tired that you cannot work any more    努力工作直到筋疲力尽为止UK verb 
work your way around/round to sth 
■to prepare yourself slowly for doing something    慢慢准备
I think they're both gradually working round to talking to each other again.   我觉得他们俩都在慢慢地尝试想重归于好。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   work against/for sb 
■to make it more difficult, or easier, for someone to achieve something    使对（某人）不利／有利
Inexperience can work against a candidate looking for a job.   没有经验可能对求职者不利。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   work at sth 
 ADVANCED  
■to try hard to achieve something    致力于…；在…上下功夫
Most couples would agree that for a marriage to succeed, both parties have to work at it.   大多数夫妻都会认同，婚姻的成功需要双方努力。
[+ -ing verb] You need to work at improving your writing.   你需要在提高写作能力上下下功夫。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] work sth off 
■If you work off an unpleasant feeling, you get rid of it by doing something energetic 
  （透过消耗体力）摆脱，发泄（不愉快情绪）
She works off stress by running for at least half an hour every day.   她透过每天跑步至少半小时来缓解压力。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   work on sth 
■to spend time repairing or improving something    修理；改善
His dancing technique is good, but he needs to work on his fitness.   他的舞技不错，但还需要将身体练得健壮一些。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   work on sb informal 
■to try to persuade or influence someone    努力说服（某人）
[+ to infinitive] I'm working on my father to get him to take me to the airport.   我在努力说服爸爸，要他送我去机场。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] work sth out 
CALCULATE  
 ADVANCED  
■to do a calculation to get an answer to a mathematical question    计算出
We need to work out the total cost of the project.   我们需要算出这项工程的总造价。
UNDERSTAND  
 ADVANCED  mainly UK 
■to understand something or to find the answer to something by thinking about it    理解；想出
[+ question word] There will be a full investigation to work out wh at caused the accident.   将进行全面的调查，以找出事故发生的原因。
[+ that] Investigators needed several months to work out that a fraud had been committed.   调查人员需要几个月的时间才能查出有欺诈行为。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   work out 
EXERCISE  
 ADVANCED  
■to exercise in order to improve the strength or appearance of your body    锻炼身体
Huw works out in the gym two or three times a week.   休每周在健身房锻炼两三次。
RESULT     [L] 
■to be the result of a calculation    结果是；算下来
These figures work out differently each time I add them.   我每次把这些数字相加得出的结果都不一样。
The safe load for a truck of this size works out at nearly twenty tonnes.   这种大小的货车的安全载重量算出来是将近20吨。
In fact the trip worked out cheaper than we'd expected.   实际上，这次旅行花的钱比我们预计的少。
DEVELOP  
■to happen or develop in a particular way    发生；发展
How is the new monitoring procedure working out?   新的监督程式运行得如何？
Let's hope this new job works out well for him.   希望这项新工作会非常适合他。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   work sb out 
■to understand the reasons for someone's behaviour    理解（某人的行为）
Why does he behave like that? - I can't work him out at all.   他为甚么那样做？——我完全弄不清楚。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   work (sth) out 
■If a problem or difficult situation works out, it gradually becomes better or satisfactory, and if you work it out, you make it better or satisfactory 
  （使）好转，（使）出现转机
Don't worry about anything - it'll all work out (for the best) in the end, you'll see.   甚么也别担心——最后一切都会好转，等着看吧。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] work sb over slang 
■to attack and injure someone    殴打，打伤（某人）
Do you want me to get some of the lads to work him over?   你要不要我找几个小伙子揍他一顿？UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   work up sth 
■to develop an emotional or physical state that you feel strongly, after a period of effort or time    激发，激起
We worked up a real appetite climbing in the mountains.   我们突然很想爬山。
It's strange, but I can't work up any enthusiasm for going on this trip.   很奇怪，这次旅行激不起我任何热情。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   work sb up 
■to make yourself or another person feel upset or feel strong emotions    惹（某人）生气，使（某人）激动
[R] Try not to work yourself up about the exams.   尽量不要因为考试而情绪激动。
Nationalist speeches worked the crowd up into a frenzy.   民族主义者的演讲把听众的情绪煽动得疯狂起来。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   work (yourself) up to sth 
■to gradually prepare yourself for something difficult    逐步为（困难的事）做准备
[R] He's very shy, but he's slowly working (his way/himself) up to letting her know what he feels about her.   他非常害羞，但他在逐渐令她明白自己对她的感情。




★☆☆   workable
—————————————————
UK adjective 
HAVING EFFECT  产生效果  
■describes a plan or system that can be used effectively    可行的；切合实际的
a workable solution/compromise/proposal   可行的解决办法／妥协方案／建议UK adjective 
SHAPE  使成形  
■describes a substance that you can shape, change or process in some way    使成形；塑造；加工
The ground is too hard to be workable (= dug).   地太硬了，根本挖不动。



★☆☆   workaday
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■ordinary; not unusual    普通的；平淡的
Compared to the extravagance and glamour of last winter's clothes , this season's collection look simple, almost workaday.   与去年冬季时装的奢华艳丽相比，本季的时装看上去简朴，甚至有些普通。
an escape from the workaday world   从平淡乏味的生活中解脱出来



★☆☆   workaholic
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who works a lot of the time and finds it difficult not to work    工作狂
A self-confessed workaholic, Tony Richardson can't remember when he last had a holiday.   承认自己是工作狂的托尼．理查森都记不起上次休假是甚么时候了。



★☆☆   workbasket
—————————————————
UK US ['wɝ:k&#x2CC;b&#xE6;s.k&#x26A;t/ (mainly UK workbox) 
noun countable 
■a small container in which things used for sewing, such as needles, pins and thread are kept    针线盒



★☆☆   workbench
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a strong table for working on, especially one on which objects such as pieces of wood or metal can be firmly held so that tools can be used on them 
  （尤指可固定木头、金属等的）工作台



★☆☆   workbook
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a book used in school containing text and questions and sometimes having spaces for a student to write answers in 
  （学生的）练习册
There's a workbook to accompany the course book.   教科书有一本配套练习册。



★☆☆   workbox 
—————————————————
noun countable mainly UK 
■a workbasket



★☆☆   workday
—————————————————
UK noun countable    mainly US for 
■working day 



★☆☆   worked up 
—————————————————
adjective [after verb] 
■upset or very excited about something    惹（某人）生气，使（某人）激动
It's easy to get worked up when you're tired and everything seems to be against you.   在疲倦并且似乎一切都在和你作对的时候，人很容易变得暴躁。
He was very worked up about seeing his family again after so many years.   这么多年后再次见到家人，使他十分激动。



★☆☆   worker
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■someone who works in a particular job or in a particular way    工人；劳动者；工作者
factory/social/construction workers   工厂工人／社会工作者／建筑工人
a good/tireless/skilled worker   优秀的／不知疲倦的／技术熟练的工人
 ESSENTIAL  
■someone who works for a company or organization but does not have a powerful position 
  （某公司或组织的）工人，员工
Many companies still treat their management staff better than their workers.   很多公司给管理人员的待遇仍然比给工人的要好。
■in bees and some other types of insects, a female which cannot produce young but which collects food for the others    职虫（如工蜂）



★☆☆   work ethic 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■the belief that work is morally good    职业道德感
The work ethic was never very strong in Simon.   赛门的职业道德感向来都不强。



★☆☆   work experience 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the experience that a person already has of working    工作经验
Please list your educational qualifications and work experience.   请列出你接受教育的情况及工作经验。
■a period of time in which a student temporarily works for an employer to get experience    工作实习期
Many firms understand that giving work experience to students from colleges and schools will benefit everyone in the long term.   很多公司都明白让大学生实习从长远来看会使大家都受惠。



★☆☆   workforce
—————————————————
UK noun countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■the group of people who work in a company, industry, country, etc    劳动力；工人；劳动人口
The majority of factories in the region have a workforce of 50 to 100 (people).   该地大多数工厂都拥有50至100名工人。
Much of the workforce in the banking sector is/are affected by the new legislation.   银行业的大部分员工都受新法律影响。



★☆☆   workhorse
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who does a lot of work, especially of a type which is necessary but not interesting    克苦耐劳的人；埋头苦干的人
a willing/reliable workhorse   甘愿挑重担的人／可靠的老黄牛
■a machine which operates without failing for long periods, although it might not be very interesting or exciting    经久耐用的机器
The steam engine was the workhorse of the Industrial Revolution.   蒸汽机是工业革命中经久耐用的重负荷机器。



★☆☆   workhouse
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a building where very poor people in Britain used to work, in the past, in exchange for food and shelter 
  （英国旧时的）劳动济贫所    Compare poorhouse



★☆☆   working
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
JOB  工作  
 IMPROVER  
■relating to work    工作的
a 37-hour working week   一周工作37小时
Working conditions/practices in the mill have hardly changed over the last twenty years.   过去20年来，这家磨坊的工作条件／方式几乎没有改变。
She has a difficult working relationship with many of her staff.   她与很多员工的工作关系都不好。
 IMPROVER  
■having work    有工作的
These tax changes will affect 90% of the working population.   这些税收的变化将会影响到90%的工作人口。UK adjective [before noun] 
MACHINE  机器  
 IMPROVER  
■operating    运行着的
It has taken about five years to restore the aircraft to (full) working condition/order.   大约花了五年时间才令这架飞机完全恢复正常运作。
 IMPROVER  
■describes the parts of a machine which move and make it work 
  （零件）运作的
It is essential that all working components are properly lubricated.   给所有运作部件适时上润滑油是非常重要的。UK adjective [before noun] 
USEFUL  有用的  
■describes a plan, idea or knowledge that is not complete but is good enough to be useful    初步的；暂定的，基本够用的
We have a working theory/hypothesis about what caused the crash, which we shall test.   我们有了一个关于坠机原因的初步设想／假设，还待进一步验证。
She's fluent in French and English and has a working knowledge of Spanish.   她法语和英语说得都很流利，西班牙语也能应付。



★☆☆   working capital 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the money belonging to a company which is immediately available for business use, rather than money it has in investments or property    营运资本；周转资金



★☆☆   working class
—————————————————
(also the working classes) 
noun only singular [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a social group that consists of people who earn little money, often being paid only for the hours or days that they work, and who usually do physical work    劳工阶级，工人阶级
The working class usually react/reacts in a predictable way to government policies.   工人阶级通常会以可预料的方式对政府政策作出反应。    Compare lower class ; middle class ; upper class



★☆☆   working day
—————————————————
(mainly US workday) 
noun countable 
■the amount of time a person spends doing their job on a day when they work    一天的工作时间
An eight-hour working day is still typical for many people.   很多人依然通常每天工作八小时。
■a day on which most people go to work    工作日；上班的日子
On a working day I tend to get up around seven o'clock.   在工作日，我通常七时左右起床。
Please allow three full working days for the money to be transferred.   三个工作日后，这笔钱才能转过去，请见谅。



★☆☆   working girl
—————————————————
old-fashioned informal 
noun countable 
■a female prostitute    妓女 ；娼妓



★☆☆   working group
—————————————————
(UK also working party) 
noun countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a small group of people, for example one chosen by a government, which studies a particular problem or situation and then reports on what it has discovered and gives suggestions    专题调查委员会，特别工作组（负责对某一问题或情况进行调查研究，并提交报告和建议）



★☆☆   working life 
—————————————————
noun 
PERSON  人  
countable 
■the part of a person's life when they do a job or are at work 
  （一生的）工作时间，工作生涯
His entire working life was spent with the same firm.   他一生都在为同一家公司工作。noun 
MACHINE  机器  
countable usually singular 
■the complete amount of time for which a machine can be expected to operate 
  （一台机器的）工作寿命；工作年限
The working life of most vehicles can be increased if they are serviced regularly.   如果定期保养，大部分车辆的寿命都能得以延长。



★☆☆   working lunch/breakfast 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a meal in the middle of the day, or at the beginning of the day, during which work is discussed    工作午餐／早餐



★☆☆   working man/woman/person 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a man/woman who has a job    有工作的人
Generally, working people don't have time to shop for food every day.   通常来说，上班族没有时间每天去买食物。



★☆☆   working mother/father/parent 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a woman/man/parent who has a job and looks after his or her children    在职母亲／父亲／父母
Little provision is made for working mothers by many large companies.   很多大公司不怎么为有孩子的职业女性提供特殊福利。



★☆☆   working papers
—————————————————
US 
plural noun 
■official documents which allow someone under 16 years old to be employed 
  （允许16岁以下孩子工作的）打工许可证，工作许可证



★☆☆   working party 
—————————————————
noun countable [+ sing/pl verb]    UK for 
■working group 



★☆☆   workings
—————————————————
UK plural noun 
UNDER GROUND  地下  
■the system of holes which has been dug in the ground in order to remove metal, coal, etc 
  （金属矿、煤矿等的）巷道，矿坑
disused mine workings   废弃的采矿巷道UK plural noun 
OPERATION  运作  
the workings of sth 
■the way that an organization, machine or organism operates 
  （组织、机器或有机体的）运作方式，工作方法
the workings of government   政府的运作方式
I don't know anything about the workings of other departments or about the organization as a whole.   我根本不知道其他部门或整个组织是如何运作的。



★☆☆   work-life balance 
—————————————————
noun [S or U] 
■the amount of time you spend doing your job compared with the amount of time you spend with your family and doing things you enjoy    工作与生活之间的平衡（指你花在工作上的时间，与你花在家庭和自身爱好上的时间是平衡的）
It can be difficult to get the right work-life balance.   保持工作与生活之间的平衡不是一件容易的事。



★☆☆   workload
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the amount of work to be done, especially by a particular person or machine in a period of time    工作量，工作负荷
Teachers are always complaining about their heavy workloads.   教师总是抱怨他们繁重的工作。
Students do find that their workload increases throughout the course.   学生确实发现，随着课程的推进，他们的作业量越来越大。



★☆☆   workman
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a man who uses physical skill and especially his hands in his job or trade    手艺人；工匠
We'll have to get a workman in to fix the plumbing/window/roof.   我们要找一位工匠来修理管道／窗户／屋顶。



★☆☆   workmanlike
—————————————————
UK adjective    approving 
■skilful    技术纯熟的；能工巧匠般的
The Australian side turned in a very workmanlike performance.   澳大利亚一方表现得很有水准。
■disapproving 
■showing an acceptable level of skill but no great ability or style    技艺平平的；一般水准的
I had hoped for a little more from the world's greatest tenor, whose performance was workmanlike but hardly inspired.   我对世界上最伟大的男高音的期望值更高一些，他的表演水准还行，却没甚么激情。



★☆☆   workmanship
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the skill with which something was made or done    技艺；手艺；工艺
shoddy/fine workmanship   粗糙的／精湛的技艺
The workmanship which went into some of these pieces of furniture was truly remarkable.   这些家俱的制作工艺的确很精湛。



★☆☆   workmate
—————————————————
UK US  informal 
noun countable 
■a person who works in the same place as you, especially one who you are friendly with 
  （尤指彼此熟稔的）同事，工友
I went out for a drink with a few workmates.   我和几位同事一起去喝了一杯。



★☆☆   work of art
—————————————————
(plural works of art)
noun countable 
■an object made by an artist of great skill, especially a painting, drawing or statue    艺术品（尤指绘画、雕塑等）
The thieves stole several valuable works of art.   盗贼偷走了几件珍贵的艺术品。



★☆☆   workout
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a period of physical exercise    身体锻炼期
a light workout   运动量小的锻炼



★☆☆   work permit 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an official document which gives permission to someone who is foreign to work in a country 
  （允许某人在国外工作的）工作许可证



★☆☆   workplace
—————————————————
UK noun countable or only singular 
■a building or room where people perform their jobs, or these places generally    工作场所
The survey asks workers about facilities in their workplace.   这次调查向工人询问了他们工作场所的设施情况。
safety standards in the workplace   工作场所的安全标准



★☆☆   workroom
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a room in which work is done, especially making things    工作间，工作室；（尤指）作坊



★☆☆   worksheet
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a piece of paper with questions and exercises for students 
  （学生做的）活页练习题



★☆☆   workshop
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
ROOM  房间  
■a room or building where things are made or repaired using machines and/or tools    车间，厂房，作坊
a carpenter's/printer's workshop   木工作坊／印刷厂房
an engineering workshop   机械加工车间UK noun countable 
MEETING  会议  
■a meeting of people to discuss and/or perform practical work in a subject or activity    研讨会，讨论会
a drama/poetry/training workshop   戏剧／诗歌／训练研讨会
The local council runs a stress-management workshop.   当地政务委员会举办了关于应对压力问题的研讨会。
a workshop session/production   研讨会会期／成果



★☆☆   workshy
—————————————————
UK  US  UK disapproving 
adjective 
■disliking work and trying to avoid it when possible    不愿工作的；懒惰的
Most of the unemployed are not workshy and genuinely do want jobs.   大多数失业者并非懒惰，而是确实想要份工作。



★☆☆   workstation
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a keyboard and screen with which a person can use a computer system, or an area in an office, factory, etc. where a single person works 
  （电脑）工作站；（办公室、工厂等中的）个人工作区



★☆☆   work surface 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a worktop 



★☆☆   worktop
—————————————————
UK US  UK (US usually counter) (Australian usually bench (top)) 
noun countable 
■a flat surface in a kitchen, especially on top of low furniture, on which food can be prepared 
  （厨房的）操作台，工作台
Plastic coated worktops are easy to keep clean.   盖有塑胶的厨房工作台容易保持清洁。



★☆☆   work-to-rule
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular 
■a situation in which people carefully obey all the rules and instructions given to them about their jobs, with the intention of reducing the amount of work they do 
  （严格按章工作有意减少工作量的）按章怠工
A work-to-rule is seen as a way to protest against low pay or bad working conditions.   大多数的按章怠工都是对低工资或恶劣工作环境的抗议。UK verb 
work to rule 
■to arrange and perform a work-to-rule    进行按章怠工
So far, the dustmen have not resorted to a strike but are working to rule.   迄今为止，清洁工人们还没有进行罢工，只是严格按章工作变相怠工。



★☆☆   world
—————————————————
UK noun 
THE EARTH  地球  
 ESSENTIAL  only singular 
■the Earth and all the people, places and things on it    地球，世界
Different parts of the world have very different climatic conditions.   世界上不同地区的气候状况大不相同。
Which bridge has the longest span in the world?   世界上哪座桥的跨度最大？
News of the disaster shocked the (whole/entire) world.   关于那场灾难的消息震惊了（整个）世界。
We live in a changing world and people must learn to adapt.   我们生活在一个不断变化的世界，人们必须学会适应。
She's a world authority on foetal development.   她是世界上胎儿发育领域的权威。
a world record/championship   世界纪录／冠军
  Common Learner Errors   world   Remember: the most usual preposition to use with 'the world' is in :   Don't say 'of the world' or 'on the world', say in the world :
✗ I live in the biggest city of the world.   I live in the biggest city in the world.UK noun 
GROUP/AREA  群体／地区  
 ESSENTIAL  countable usually singular 
■a group of things such as countries or animals, or an area of human activity or understanding    领域；界；世界
the Muslim World   穆斯林（回教）世界
the modern/industrialized world   现代／工业化世界
the animal world   动物界
stars from the rock music world   摇滚音乐界的明星们
Unexpected things can happen in the world of subatomic particles.   在亚原子粒子世界中，可能会有出人意料的情况发生。UK noun 
PLANET  行星  
countable 
■a planet or other part of the universe, especially one where life might or does exist 
  （尤指可能或确有生命存在的）星球，天体
There was a man on the news last night who reckons we've been visited by beings from other worlds.   昨晚的新闻报道中，有个男子认为外星生物曾经拜访过我们。UK noun 
at one with the world 
■happy because you feel that you belong in the world and generally agree with what happens    与世界融为一体；与世界和谐相处UK noun 
be worlds apart 
■to be completely opposed or different    完全相反；截然不同
They are worlds apart in their political views.   他们的政治观点截然相反。UK noun 
do sb the world of good 
■to make someone feel much healthier or happier    使某人感到更健康或更高兴
We had a week away in the sun and it's done us both the world of good.   我们到了别处渡假一个星期，尽情享受阳光，这对我俩的身心都十分有益。UK noun 
for all the world 
■exactly    完全
She sounds for all the world like her mother on the telephone.   她的声音在电话里听起来和她妈妈的声音完全一样。UK noun 
go/come down in the world UK (US move down in the world) informal 
■to have less money or a worse social position than you had before    潦倒；落泊
They used to live in a big house with lots of servants, but they've come down in the world since then.   他们曾经住在一所大房子里，仆役成群，可后来家道中落。UK noun 
go/come up in the world UK (US move up in the world) informal 
■to have more money or a better social position than you had before    飞黄腾达；发迹
Roger and Ann have gone up in the world - these days they only ever travel first-class.   罗杰和安已经飞黄腾达——现在他们旅行只坐头等舱。UK noun 
have the world at your feet 
■to be extremely successful and admired by a great number of people    极为成功；为世人仰慕
Five years after her debut, the diminutive star of the Royal Ballet has the world at her feet.   在初次登台五年之后，这位皇家芭蕾舞团的娇小明星就大获成功。UK noun 
in a world of your own (also in another world) 
■thinking your own thoughts and ideas and not giving much attention to what is happening around you    沉浸在自己的世界中，与外界隔绝
When she was young, she lived in a world of her own and had very few friends.   她年轻时生活在自己的世界中，没有甚么朋友。UK noun 
make a world of difference 
■If something makes a world of difference, it improves something very much    大大提高，使…有很大提高
A little sympathy makes a world of difference to someone who's been badly treated.   对于那些遭到虐待的人来说，一点点同情心就会让他们觉得备受关爱。UK noun 
make the world go around/round 
■to be extremely important, so that many ordinary events could not happen without it    极其重要；必不可少
Love/Money makes the world go round.   爱情／金钱是极为重要的。UK noun 
a man/woman of the world 
■someone who has a lot of experience of life and people, and can deal with most situations    阅历丰富的人，老练的人UK noun 
mean/be (all) the world to sb 
■to be extremely important to someone    是（某人）的一切；对（某人）来说非常重要
Her children mean all the world to her.   她的几个孩子就是她的一切。UK noun 
not for (all) the world 
■never; not in any situation    不管怎样都不，无论如何都不
If I took that job I'd have to leave the kids and I wouldn't do that for all the world.   如果我接受那份工作，就要必须离开孩子们，而我无论如何都不会那样做。UK noun 
out of this world informal 
■extremely good    极好的；非常棒的
What a restaurant - the food was out of this world!   多好的餐馆呀——饭菜真是棒极了！UK noun 
the ways of the world 
■the types of behaviour and ways of doing things that are acceptable    世情，人情世故
He's very young and still has a lot to learn about the ways of the world.   他非常年轻，还有很多人情世故要学。UK noun 
what/how/why, etc. in the world informal 
■used to emphasize your surprise when asking a question 
  （用在疑问句中强调很吃惊）究竟，到底
What in the world are you doing in the cupboard?   你究竟在储藏室里做甚么呢？
Who in the world could do such a thing?   到底有谁能做这样的事？UK noun 
What's the world coming to? 
■something that you say which means that life is not as pleasant or safe as it was in the past    用以形容生活已经不像过去那样舒适或安全了
What's the world coming to when you can't leave your house for five minutes without someone trying to break in and rob you?   现在你离开家仅五分钟就可能遭人进屋洗劫，这是甚么世道啊！UK noun 
the world and his wife UK 
■a great many people, especially in a particular place at a particular time 
  （尤指某一时间、某一地点的）所有的人，各色人等
It's going to be quite a party - the world and his wife will be there.   那将是个不小的派对——各色人等都会到场。UK noun 
the world is sb's oyster 
■If the world is someone's oyster, they can do what they want to or go where they want to 
  （某人）可以随心所欲，（某人）可以为所欲为
You're young and healthy and you have no commitments - the world is your oyster.   你年轻、健康，并且没有甚么负担——可以随心所欲地做你想做的事。UK noun 
a world of difference 
■If there is a world of difference between two people or things, they are very different    很大差别
There's a world of difference between the service in the two hotels.   这两家饭店的服务有天壤之别。



★☆☆   world-beater
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person or thing that is better than any other of its type    举世无双的人（或物）
She has loads of natural talent as a runner and with rigorous training she could be a world-beater.   她作为一名赛跑运动员具备很多天赋，经过严格训练一定会成为世界顶尖选手。



★☆☆   world-class
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■Someone or something world-class is one of the best that there are of that type in the world    世界级的；世界一流的
a world-class athlete/performance   世界一流的运动员／表演



★☆☆   world-famous
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■known about by many people from most parts of the world    世界闻名的；举世闻名的
a world-famous actress/hotel   世界闻名的女演员／饭店



★☆☆   worldly
—————————————————
UK adjective 
PHYSICAL  物质的  
[before noun] 
■relating to or consisting of physical things and ordinary life rather than spiritual things    物质的；尘世的；非精神的
For many of the refugees, the clothes they are wearing are all the worldly goods (= possessions) they have.   对于这些难民中的许多人来说，身上穿的衣服就是他们在这世上拥有的全部财产。
Her worldly success can hardly be denied.   她物质上的成功不可否认。UK adjective 
PRACTICAL  实际的  
■practical and having a lot of experience of life    善于处世的；圆滑的
She seems to be much more worldly than the other students in her class.   她似乎比班里的其他学生世故得多。



★☆☆   worldly-wise
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■experienced in the ways in which people behave and able to deal with most situations    老于世故的；圆滑的
Tyler is remarkably worldly-wise for such a young girl.   就这么年轻的一个女孩来说，泰勒相当世故。



★☆☆   world music 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■popular music which has been influenced by the music of traditional cultures    世界音乐（受传统文化影响的流行音乐）



★☆☆   world power 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a country which has enough economic or political strength to influence events in many other countries    世界强国



★☆☆   world-shattering
—————————————————
UK  US (also world-shaking) 
adjective 
■extremely surprising and important, often changing the way you think about something    震惊世界的；令人震撼的
world-shattering news   震惊世界的消息



★☆☆   world war 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a war in which large forces from many countries fight    世界大战



★☆☆   World War One
—————————————————
(written abbreviation WWI) 
noun [S not after the] 
■the war from 1914 to 1918 in which Britain, France, Russia, the United States and Italy fought Germany, Austria-Hungary, Turkey and Bulgaria    第一次世界大战



★☆☆   World War Two
—————————————————
(written abbreviation WWII) 
noun [S not after the] 
■the war from 1939 to 1945 in which Britain, the Soviet Union, the United States and France fought Germany, Italy and Japan    第二次世界大战



★☆☆   world-weary
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■Someone who is world-weary is not enthusiastic about anything, often because they have had too much experience of a particular way of life    厌世的；厌弃人生的
Fifteen years in the teaching profession had left him world-weary and cynical.   15年的执教生涯使他悲观厌世、愤世疾俗。



★☆☆   worldwide
—————————————————
UK adjective adverb 
 IMPROVER  
■existing or happening in all parts of the world    世界范围的，全世界的；在全世界的
a worldwide recession   全世界的经济衰退
An increase in average temperature by only a few degrees could cause environmental problems worldwide.   平均气温仅仅升高几度便可能导致全球性的环境问题。



★☆☆   worm
—————————————————
UK noun 
 ADVANCED  countable 
■a small animal with a long narrow soft body without arms, legs or bones    蠕虫
The kiwi eats worms, other invertebrates, and berries.   鹬鸵以蠕虫、其他无脊椎动物和浆果为食。
 ADVANCED  countable 
■the young of particular types of insect 
  （某些昆虫的）幼虫
It's distressing enough to find a worm in your apple but finding half of one is worse.   在苹果里发现一条虫子已经够叫人厌恶，如果发现半条就更糟了。
⇨ See also woodworm
countable 
■a type of worm that lives in an animal's intestine , feeding on the food there, or on an animal's body, feeding off its blood    寄生虫
a parasitic worm   寄生虫
The vet says our dog has worms.   兽医说我们的狗体内有寄生虫。
⇨ See also tapeworm
only singular informal 
■an unpleasant person who does not deserve respect    惹人讨厌的人；懦夫
Don't be such a worm, you don't have to lie to me.   别这么懦弱，你不必向我撒谎。UK noun 
the worm turns 
■used to describe when a person or group of people who have been treated badly for a long time suddenly become forceful and stop accepting a difficult situation    兔子急了也咬人；人被逼急了也要反抗
It seems the worm has turned - after years of silence local people are beginning to protest about waste emissions from the factory.   看来老实人被逼急了也要反抗——经过多年的沉默之后，当地的人们开始抗议那家工厂的废物排放。UK verb 
MOVE  移动  
intransitive or transitive [+ prep] 
■to succeed in moving along in a difficult or crowded situation, by moving your body slowly and carefully    挤过，钻过
Because he was so small, he could worm (his way)through the crowd.   他身形瘦小，所以可以挤过人群。
[R] She wormed her self under the fence.   她从栅栏下面爬了过来。UK verb 
ANIMAL  动物  
transitive 
■to give an animal, especially a pet dog or cat, medicine to kill any worms which might be living inside it 
  （尤指为狗、猫等宠物）除肠虫
Has your dog been wormed?   你的狗除过肠虫吗？UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   worm yourself/your way into sth disapproving 
■to gradually achieve a position of trust, possibly by being dishonest    逐渐骗取信任
[R] He wormed himself into her affections without her ever suspecting he only did it for her money.   他逐步骗取了她的好感，而她丝毫没有怀疑他这样做只是为了她的钱。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   worm sth out of sb informal 
■to try and get information from someone which they are trying to keep secret    从（某人）处套出（情报）
He wasn't going to tell me, but I managed to worm it out of him.   他不想告诉我，可我设法从他嘴里套出了这件事。




★☆☆   worm cast 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small pile of earth or sand pushed up to the surface of the ground by a worm , especially an earthworm    蚯蚓粪（蠕虫（尤其是蚯蚓）搬到地面后堆积起来的沙或泥土）



★☆☆   worm-eaten
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■containing small holes which were made by the young of particular types of insect, especially woodworm    遭虫蛀的；满是蛀孔的
a worm-eaten table/beam   遭虫蛀的桌子／横梁



★☆☆   wormery
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a container into which you put worms and waste food so that the worms will make the waste become compost (= a substance you add to earth to improve its quality)    饲虫箱（箱中可放入蠕虫和食物残渣，蠕虫会把废物转化为堆肥，作土壤肥料之用）



★☆☆   wormhole
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
SMALL HOLE  小洞  
■a hole made by a worm , sometimes found in furniture, fruit, or the ground    蛀洞；蛀孔UK noun countable 
PHYSICS  物理学     specialized 
■a special type of structure which some scientists think might exist, connecting parts of space and time that are not usually connected    蠕虫洞（某些科学家认为可能存在的一种通道，连接通常互不相连的时空）



★☆☆   wormy
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■containing many worms , or infected or damaged by worms    多虫的；遭虫蛀的
Look at these vegetables - they're all mottled and wormy.   看看这些蔬菜——全都是斑斑点点的，上面还有不少虫子。



★☆☆   worn
—————————————————
UK verb    past participle of 
■wear 



★☆☆   worn out 
—————————————————
adjective 
USED  用过的  
■describes something which can no longer be used because it is so old or because it has been damaged by continued use    不能再用的；耗尽的
I've got old 'Fawlty Towers' videos which are almost worn out, I've played them so many times.   我有一盘老旧的《弗尔蒂旅馆》的录影带，我看了太多遍，磨损得很厉害。
worn-out clothes/carpet/equipment   破旧的衣物／地毯／设备adjective 
TIRED  累的  
■extremely tired    筋疲力尽的；极累的
I've been working all night and I'm worn out.   我整晚都在工作，已经筋疲力尽了。



★☆☆   worried
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  
■unhappy because you are thinking about problems or unpleasant things that might happen    担心；忧虑；发愁
She was sitting behind her desk with a worried expression/look on her face.   她坐在桌子后面，神色焦急。
They don't seem particularly worried about the situation.   他们看起来对这种局面并不十分担心。
You had me worried (= You made me feel anxious) for a moment back there - I thought you wouldn't be able to stop in time.   你刚才让我担心了一阵——我以为你不能及时停下来。
He was worried sick (= extremely worried) when he heard that there had been an accident.   他听到有事故发生之后担心得要命。



★☆☆   worrier
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who worries a lot    爱担忧的人
I can't help being a worrier - some people are just born that way.   我总是忍不住要担心——有些人天生就是那样。



★☆☆   worrisome
—————————————————
UK US  US formal or old-fashioned 
adjective 
■worrying    令人着急的；令人担忧的
Alcohol and tobacco consumption by young people is especially worrisome because habits formed early are likely to persist.   年轻人的吸烟饮酒问题特别令人担心，因为那些早期形成的习惯很可能持续下去。



★☆☆   worry
—————————————————
UK verb 
PROBLEM  问题  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive 
■to think about problems or unpleasant things that might happen in a way that makes you feel unhappy and afraid    担心；忧虑；发愁
Try not to worry - there's nothing you can do to change the situation.   别发愁了——你没法改变这种局面。
Don't worry, she'll be all right.   别担心，她会没事的。
It's silly worrying about things which are outside your control.   为自己无法掌控的事发愁是很愚蠢的。
[+ (that)] She's worried (that) she might not be able to find another job.   她担心自己无法再找到一份工作。
 IMPROVER  transitive 
■to make someone feel unhappy and afraid because of problems or unpleasant things that might happen    使担忧；使焦虑
You worried your mother by not writing.   你没有写信，这令你妈妈很担心。
[+ that] It worries me that he hasn't phoned yet.   他还没有打电话，这令我有些担忧。
The continued lack of rain is starting to worry people.   持续少雨开始令人们担忧起来。
  Common Learner Errors   worry   Remember : the most usual preposition to use with worry is about :   To refer to the thing that is making you worry, don't say 'worry for', say worry about :   There's no need to worry about anything.UK verb 
ANIMAL  动物  
transitive 
■If a dog worries another animal, it chases and frightens it and might also bite it 
  （狗）追赶，撕咬（其他动物）
Any dog caught worrying sheep in these fields will be shot.   这些牧场里只要发现有狗攻击羊只，狗就会被射杀。UK verb 
Don't worry your pretty little head. informal humorous 
■used to tell someone not to worry    用以告诉某人不必担心
"What about all the work that needs doing in the kitchen?" "I'll sort that out - don't worry your pretty little head about it!"   “厨房里那些要做的工作怎么办？”“别担心，包在我身上！”UK verb 
not to worry informal 
■said to show that you are not worried or upset because something has gone wrong or something unexpected has happened    别担心；别发愁
Not to worry - perhaps you'll be able to come next week instead.   别着急——或许你可以下星期再来。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   worry at sth 
OBJECT  
■to shake, pull at or touch something repeatedly    反复逗弄
The dog was worrying away at its bone.   狗在反复撕咬着骨头。
PROBLEM  
■to keep trying to find a way of solving a problem    不断努力；反覆尝试
She'll worry at those figures until she's sure they've been worked out properly.   她会反覆验算那些数字，直到确定计算结果无误为止。UK noun 
 IMPROVER  countable 
■a problem that makes you feel unhappy and afraid    令人担心（或发愁）的事
health/financial worries   健康／财务上的烦恼
Keeping warm in the winter is a major worry for many old people.   冬天如何保暖对很多老年人来说是一件令人担忧的大事。
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable 
■when you feel unhappy and afraid about something    担忧；担心；发愁
Unemployment, bad health - all sorts of things can be a cause of worry.   失业、健康状况不佳——各种各样的事都可能会产生烦恼。
It was clear that Anna had no worries about her husband's attempts to flirt.   非常明显，安娜对她丈夫几次想与人调情并不感到忧虑。



★☆☆   worrying
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■making you feel unhappy and afraid    令人着急的；令人担忧的
It's a very worrying situation.   这种局面真令人担心。



★☆☆   worrywart
—————————————————
UK US  mainly US informal 
noun countable 
■a person who often worries, especially about things which are not important    杞人忧天的人；总是担心的人
Don't listen to him - he's just an old worrywart.   别听他的——他只是个杞人忧天的老家伙。



★☆☆   worse
—————————————————
UK adverb 
 IMPROVER  
■comparative of badly 
He did worse than he was expecting in the exams   他考得比他预期的还要糟。
He was treated much worse than I was.   他的待遇比我的还要差很多。UK adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  
■comparative of bad ; more unpleasant, difficult or severe than before or than something else that is also bad    更坏的；更糟的；更差的
The conditions they're living in are worse than we thought.   他们的居住条件比我们想像的更糟糕。
If the rain gets any worse we'll have to stop walking.   如果雨再下大些，我们就只好停下不走了。
His manners are even worse than his sister's.   他的举止甚至比他妹妹还糟糕。
The heat is much worse in the daytime.   白天天气要炎热得多。
get worse 
 ESSENTIAL  
■to become more ill, or to become a more severe condition    加重；变得更糟
My cold seems to be getting worse.   我的感冒似乎在加重。
If he gets any worse I'll take him to the doctor's.   如果他的病情再加重，我就带他去看医生。UK adjective 
make matters worse 
■to make the situation even more unpleasant or difficult    使情况更糟
Don't say anything - you'll only make matters worse.   甚么也别说——你只会把事情弄得更糟。UK adjective 
worse luck informal 
■said at the end of a statement to show unhappiness or anger about what has been stated 
  （用在陈述的末尾）真倒楣，真不幸
I've got to work on Saturday, worse luck.   我星期六还要上班，真倒楣。UK noun uncountable 
 IMPROVER  
■something that is more unpleasant or difficult    更糟的事；更坏的情况
By the third month of the expedition they had endured many hardships, but worse was to follow.   到探险的第三个月，他们已经受了很多磨难，但更艰苦的还在后面。
"What about the bride's dress - wasn't it appalling?" "I don't know, I've seen worse."   “新娘穿的礼服怎么样──难道不是极为差劲吗？”“我不知道，我见过更糟的。”    Compare betterUK noun uncountable 
be none the worse 
■to not be harmed or damaged by something    未受伤害；没受到不良影响
They were trapped in the cave for a couple of days but they were none the worse for their experience.   他们被困在洞穴中好几天，但这经历对他们没有甚么影响。
He's lost some weight but he's none the worse (= he's better) for that.   他体重轻了一些，可他的身体却更好了。UK noun uncountable 
for the worse 
■If something changes or happens for the worse, the unpleasantness or difficulty increases    变得更糟；变得更差
It looks like the weather is changing for the worse.   看上去天气似乎正变得越来越糟。UK noun uncountable 
the worse for drink 
■drunk    醉酒的
By the time I got to the party Patrick was looking a bit the worse for drink.   当我到达聚会的地方时，派翠克看来已经有点醉了。UK noun uncountable 
the worse for wear 
■tired or in poor condition because of a lot of work or use 
  （人）筋疲力尽的；（物品）破损不堪的，破旧的
After a month of journeying over rough roads, the drivers and their trucks were looking the worse for wear.   在崎岖不平的路面上行驶一个月之后，司机和他们的货车看上去情况都很糟。



★☆☆   worsen
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive or transitive 
■to become worse or to make something become worse 
  （使）恶化；（使）更糟
As the company's financial problems worsened, several directors resigned.   由于公司的财务状况恶化，有几位经理辞职了。
The continued supply of arms to the region will only worsen the situation.   向该地区不断提供武器只会使局势恶化。



★☆☆   worse off 
—————————————————
adjective [after verb] 
■poorer or in a more difficult situation    变得更穷困；变得更糟
If Rick loses his job we'll be even worse off.   如果里克失业，我们的情况就会更糟。



★☆☆   worship
—————————————————
UK verb (-pp- or US ALSO -p-)
RELIGION  宗教  
 ADVANCED  transitive 
■to have or show a strong feeling of respect and admiration for God or a god    敬奉，崇拜，信仰（上帝或神）
In the various regions of India, Hindus worship different gods and observe different religious festivals.   在印度的不同地区，印度教信徒敬奉不同的神灵，并庆祝不同的宗教节日。
 ADVANCED  intransitive 
■to go to a religious ceremony    参加宗教仪式；敬神；拜神
They work for the same company, socialise together and worship in the same mosque.   他们为同一家公司工作，一同参加社交活动，并且在同一清真寺做礼拜。
The poll showed that over 40% of Americans worship on a weekly basis.   民意调查显示，超过40%的美国人每周都去做礼拜。UK verb (-pp- or US ALSO -p-)
ADMIRE  崇拜  
transitive 
■to love, respect and admire someone or something very much, often without noticing their bad qualities 
  （常指盲目地）宠爱，崇拜，崇尚
Her parents worship her.   她的父母很宠爱她。
As a child, I worshipped my older brother.   还是孩子时，我很崇拜我的哥哥。UK verb (-pp- or US ALSO -p-)
worship at the shrine/altar of sth literary 
■to completely support or follow a particular idea, principle, etc.    笃信，坚信，追随（某一思想、原则）
She thinks that young people today are becoming increasingly selfish, and worship at the shrine of individual happiness and gratification.   她觉得现在的年轻人变得越来越自私，且极为崇拜个人的幸福与满足。
He may not worship at the altar of government intervention in business, but he is in favour of limited support for industry.   他或许不支持政府对商业的干预，不过却赞成政府对工业采取有限度的支持。UK verb (-pp- or US ALSO -p-)
worship the ground sb walks on 
■to love and admire someone very much    痴爱（某人）；极其崇拜（某人）
I worship the ground you walk on, you must know that by now.   我极其崇拜你，你现在一定知道了吧。UK noun 
RELIGION  宗教  
 ADVANCED  uncountable 
■when you worship God or a god, often through praying or singing 
  （对上帝或神的）敬奉，信奉
daily acts of worship   每日的礼拜
Christian/Sikh/Muslim worship   基督教／锡克教／伊斯兰教的礼拜
For Jews, the synagogue is the centre for community worship and study.   对犹太人来说，犹太教堂是教徒共同祈祷和学习的中心。
Local people have complained about improperly dressed tourists entering places of worship (= buildings for religious ceremonies or private prayer).   当地人已经对穿着不得体的游人进入宗教场所表示不满。UK noun 
ADMIRATION  赞赏  
uncountable disapproving 
■when you like or admire a particular thing or person very much, often too much 
  （对…）顶礼膜拜，狂热推崇
We're in an era of fitness and health worship.   我们处在一个过分崇尚健康的时代。UK noun 
TITLE  称呼  
His/Your, etc. Worship mainly UK formal 
■used as a title of respect when speaking to or about a mayor or a magistrate 
  （对市长和治安官的尊称）阁下
His Worship the Mayor will present the awards.   市长阁下将会颁奖。
[as form of address] Thank you, Your Worship.   谢谢您，阁下。



★☆☆   worshipful
—————————————————
UK adjective    formal 
■giving someone or something great respect or admiration    充满敬意的；崇敬的
Worshipful    mainly UK formal 
■used in the title of societies of skilled workers or some important officials 
  （用于工匠协会或某些重要官员的称号中）尊敬的
the Worshipful Company of Silversmiths   尊敬的银匠行业协会



★☆☆   worshipper
—————————————————
(US usually worshiper) UK noun countable 
RELIGION  宗教  
■someone who goes to a religious ceremony to worship God    崇拜上帝的人；做礼拜的人
At 11am on Sunday morning, worshippers began to stream out of the cathedral.   星期天上午11点钟，参加礼拜的人开始涌出教堂。
■someone who worships and performs religious ceremonies to a particular god or object    敬神者；崇拜者
devil/idol worshippers   魔鬼／偶像崇拜者(US usually worshiper) UK noun countable 
ENJOY  享受     informal 
■someone who enjoys or values a particular thing very much or too much 
  （对…）狂热崇拜者，极度痴狂的人
sun worshippers   极爱晒太阳的人



★☆☆   worst
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  
■superlative of bad ; of the lowest quality, or the most unpleasant, difficult or severe    最差的；最糟的；最严重的
That was the worst meal I've ever eaten.   那是我吃过最糟的一顿饭。
"It was the worst moment of my life," she admitted.   “那是我一生中的最低潮。”她承认道。
He is my worst enemy.   他是我最凶险的敌人。UK adjective 
be your own worst enemy 
■to cause most of your problems or most of the bad things that happen to you yourself, because of your character    主要要怨自己；自讨苦吃
Carrie is her own worst enemy - she's always falling out with people.   卡丽是自讨苦吃——她老是和别人吵架。UK noun only singular 
 IMPROVER  
■the most unpleasant or difficult thing, person, or situation    最坏的人（或事）；最糟的情况
That was the worst I've seen him play in several years.   那是几年来我所见他打得最差的一次。UK noun only singular 
at your worst 
■less active or intelligent than you are at other times    状态最差
I'm at my worst first thing in the morning.   我早上的时候状态最差。
■showing the most unpleasant side of someone's character    表现出最坏的品质，显出最丑陋的一面
This problem over late payment has shown him at his worst.   这次拖延付款的问题使他原形毕露。UK noun only singular 
at worst 
■used to say what the most unpleasant or difficult situation could possibly be    往最坏处说；充其量
At worst, she can only tell you off for being late.   充其量她也就是会责备你迟到而已。
■considering someone or something in the most negative or unkind way possible    就最坏的那一面看
She is at worst corrupt, and at best has been knowingly breaking the rules.   她最坏的情况是腐败，而最好的情况是故意违反规定。UK noun only singular 
do your worst 
■to do the most unpleasant or harmful thing you can    使尽最坏手段
I'm not frightened of him - let him do his worst.   我不怕他——让他有甚么手段尽管使出来好了。UK noun only singular 
fear the worst 
■to think something unpleasant might have happened    担心发生最糟糕的情况
We hoped that they would be found safe and uninjured, but secretly we feared the worst.   我们希望找到他们时他们安然无恙，但内心却害怕最糟糕的事会发生。UK noun only singular 
if the worst comes to the worst UK (US if worse/worst comes to worst) 
■if the situation develops in the most serious or unpleasant way    如果最坏的事情发生；如果发生最糟的情况
We should be in when you arrive, but if the worst comes to the worst, the neighbours have a spare key and will let you into the house.   你到的时候我们应该在家，万一不在，邻居家还有一把备用锁匙，能让你进屋。UK adverb 
 IMPROVER  
■the most badly    最差地；最糟地；最严重地
Small businesses have been worst hit by the recession.   小企业受经济衰退打击最为严重。
Roads in the Tayside region were worst affected by the snow.   泰塞德行政区的道路受降雪影响最为严重。
The students voted him the school's worst-dressed teacher.   学生将他评为该校衣着最差的教师。UK verb transitive old use 
■to defeat someone in a fight or argument    击败；打败
He was challenged to a fight but was severely worsted.   他受到挑战跟人打了一架，结果输得狼狈不堪。



★☆☆   worst case scenario 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■the most unpleasant or serious thing which could happen in a situation    最坏的可能；最糟的情况
The study concludes that in a worst case scenario there might be 80, 000 human infections in Britain from BSE beef.   该研究得出结论，最坏的情况是英国可能有八万人因食用含疯牛症病菌的牛肉而受感染。



★☆☆   worsted
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a type of cloth made from wool and used to make jackets, trousers and skirts    精纺毛料
a pale grey worsted suit   浅灰色的精纺毛料西装



★☆☆   worst-ever
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■describes something that is the most unpleasant or harmful of its type that there has ever been    有史以来最糟的；前所未有的
219 people were killed in the country's worst-ever plane crash.   在该国有史以来最为严重的坠机事故中有219人遇难。



★☆☆   worth
—————————————————
UK adjective 
MONEY  钱  
 ESSENTIAL  
■having a particular value, especially in money    值…钱的
Our house is worth £200 000.   我们的房子价值约20万英镑。
Heroin worth about $5 million was seized.   缴获价值约500万美元的海洛因。
■informal 
■having a particular amount of money    拥有…财产的
She must be worth at least half a million.   她肯定拥有价值至少50万的财产。
be worth it 
■to be of reasonable or good value for the price    是值得的；物有所值
Four days' car hire costs £150, which is well worth it for the freedom it gives you.   租车4天需花费150英镑，但它给了你行动自由，这样来说还是十分值得。UK adjective 
IMPORTANCE  重要  
be worth sth 
 ESSENTIAL  
■to be important or interesting enough to receive a particular action    值得…
I think this matter is worth our attention.   我觉得这件事值得我们注意。
When you're in Reykjavik, the National Museum is worth a visit.   如果你在雷克雅维克，那里的国家博物馆值得参观。
be worth having/doing sth 
 ESSENTIAL  
■to be important or useful to have or do    值得拥有／做…
There's nothing worth reading in this newspaper.   这份报纸中没甚么值得一读。
If you are a young, inexperienced driver, it is worth having comprehensive insurance.   如果你是一位初出茅庐的年轻司机，买一份综合保险是必要的。
It's worth remembering that prices go up on February 1st.   值得记住的是，价格于二月一日上涨。
worth it 
 IMPROVER  
■enjoyable enough or producing enough advantages to make the necessary effort, risk, pain, etc. seem acceptable    值得（努力、冒险、忍受痛苦等）去做
It was a long climb to the top of the hill, but it was worth it for the view from the top.   攀登到山顶要很长时间，但为了能看到山顶上的风景，这是值得的。
Don't tire yourself out Geri, it's really not worth it.   格里，别把自己累坏了，那真的不值得。
After the plastic surgery I had two black eyes and was very swollen. But I knew it would be worth it.   整形手术之后，我双眼发青，而且肿得非常厉害。但我知道这是值得的。
Forget him, love, - he's just not worth it.   忘了他吧，亲爱的——他不值得你这样。
  Common Learner Errors   be worth doing something   When worth is followed by a verb, that verb cannot be in the infinitive with 'to'.   Do not say 'be worth to do something', say be worth doing something :
✗ Do you think it's worth to ask Patrick first?   Do you think it's worth asking Patrick first?UK adjective 
be worth your/its weight in gold 
■to be very useful or helpful    非常有用；很有帮助
This recipe book is worth its weight in gold - it tells you everything you need to know about cookery.   这本烹饪书非常有用——它会告诉你对烹调所需要了解的一切。
Boys who can sing like that are worth their weight in gold to the choir.   唱得那么好的男孩对合唱队来说是非常有价值的。UK adjective 
be worth your while  ADVANCED  
■to be an activity or action that you will get an advantage from    值得去做；对…有好处
It's worth your while taking out travel insurance before you travel.   在旅行前购买旅行保险是值得的。UK adjective 
for all you are worth informal 
■If you do something for all you are worth, you put a lot of effort into it    拼命；全力以赴
We pushed the car for all we were worth, but we still couldn't get it started.   我们拼命推那辆车，可仍然无法使它发动起来。UK adjective 
for what it's worth informal 
■said when you are giving someone a piece of information and you are not certain if that information is useful or important    不管有用与否；无论价值如何
For what it's worth, I think he may be right.   不论是否有价值，我认为他可能是正确的。
They are, for what it's worth, the single most successful eastern arts group in the West.   无论是否重要，他们是西方唯一一个最为成功的东方艺术群体。UK adjective 
If it /a thing is worth doing , it's worth doing well. saying 
■used to emphasize that if you are going to spend time doing a piece of work, you should do it as well as possible    值得做的事情，就要把它做好UK adjective 
make sth/it worth your while informal 
■to pay you money to do something    为做…付给报酬
If you can get me the list of names I want, I'll make it worth your while.   如果你能弄到我要的名单，我会给你报酬。UK adjective 
not worth the paper sth is printed / written on 
■If a document or agreement is not worth the paper it is written/printed on, it is of very little value. 
  （文件或协议）毫无价值的UK adjective 
What's it worth (to you)? informal mainly humorous 
■said when you want to know what someone will give you if you give them the piece of information they have asked for    对我会有甚么好处呢?
"Do you know where Dave's living at the moment?" "What's it worth?"   “你知不知道戴夫现在住在哪里？”“告诉你对我有甚么好处？”UK adjective 
worth your salt 
■good at your job    称职的；胜任的
Any accountant worth their salt should be aware of the latest changes in taxation.   任何称职的会计都应该了解最新的税收变化。UK noun 
MONEY  钱  
 ESSENTIAL  uncountable 
■the amount of money which something can be sold for; value    价格；价值
The estimated worth of the plastics and petrochemical industry is about $640 billion.   塑胶与石化工业的估计价值约为6，400亿美元。
£20/$100, etc. worth of sth 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the amount of something that you could buy for £20/$100, etc    价值20英镑／100美元等的…
$4 million worth of souvenirs and gift items have been produced for the event.   已为这次活动制作了价值400万美元的纪念品和礼品。UK noun 
IMPORTANCE  重要性  
 ESSENTIAL  uncountable 
■the importance or usefulness of something or someone    重要性；作用
He felt as though he had no worth.   他觉得自己似乎无足轻重。
She has proved her worth on numerous occasions.   她已经在众多场合证明了自己的作用。
The study proved that women were paid less than men holding jobs of comparable worth.   研究证明，在从事同等重要的工作时，女性得到的报酬要比男性少。UK noun 
AMOUNT  数量  
a month's/year's, etc. worth of sth 
■an amount of something which will last a month/year, etc. or which takes a month/year, etc. to do    可持续（或需花费）一个月／一年等的…
a month's worth of grocery shopping   买的够一个月用的食品杂货
I've done three hour's worth of work this morning.   我今早已完成的工作顶得上三个小时的工作量。UK noun 
get your money's worth 
■to get good value    钱花得值
We were determined to get our money's worth from our day tickets and went to every museum in the city.   我们决心令自己的当日门票物有所值，于是去遍了城里的每一家博物馆。



★☆☆   worthiness
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
SUITABLE  适合  
■suitability    适合；能力
She persuaded the board of her worthiness to run the company.   她说服董事会相信她有能力管理这家公司。UK noun uncountable 
DESERVING RESPECT  值得尊敬的     formal 
■when someone or something has qualities that deserve respect or attention    值得尊敬的；值得钦佩的；值得支持的
the worthiness of a project/cause/aim   专案计划／事业／目标的价值



★☆☆   worthless
—————————————————
UK adjective 
NO MONEY  不值钱的  
■having no value in money    无价值的；不值钱的
The company's shares are now virtually worthless shares.   那家公司的股票实际上现在已经毫无价值。
He said the jewels were worthless fakes.   他说这些珠宝是毫无价值的赝品。UK adjective 
NOT IMPORTANT  不重要的  
■not important or not useful    不重要的；没有价值的
She was criticised so much by her employers that she began to feel worthless.   她多次受到老板们的批评，因而开始觉得自己一无是处。



★☆☆   worthwhile
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 IMPROVER  
■useful, important or good enough to be a suitable reward for the money or time spent or the effort made    值得的；值得花钱（或时间、精力）的
She considers teaching a worthwhile career.   她把教书看成是一项值得从事的事业。
The time and expense involved in keeping up to date with all the changes has been worthwhile.   为跟上所有这些变动而花费的时间和费用是值得的。
If you need him on this project, you've got to make it financially worthwhile for him (= you will have to pay him a suitable amount of money for the amount of work involved).   如果你需要他参与这个专案计划，你就要适当给他付钱，令他觉得值得一做。



★☆☆   worthy
—————————————————
UK adjective 
DESERVING RESPECT  值得尊敬的  
 ADVANCED  formal 
■deserving respect, admiration or support    值得尊敬的；值得钦佩的；值得支持的
He is unlikely to succeed in getting his bill through Congress, however worthy it is.   无论他的提案多么有价值，他也不可能使其在国会上通过。
Every year she makes a large donation to a worthy cause.   她每年都为一项高尚的事业捐一大笔钱。
worthy of attention/notice, etc. formal 
 ADVANCED  
■deserving to be given attention, noticed, etc    值得注意的
Two points in this report are especially worthy of notice.   这份报告中有两点特别值得注意。
■formal 
■describes something which should be admired for its good and useful qualities but which is not very interesting    有内在价值（但乏味）的
a worthy book   有价值的书UK adjective 
SUITABLE  合适的  
worthy of sth 
■suitable for, or characteristic of something    适合…的；有…典型特征的
He threw a party worthy of a millionaire.   他举办了一场典型的百万富翁式的聚会。UK noun countable humorous 
■a person who is important, especially in a small town 
  （尤指小城镇中的）要人，大人物
The front row of chairs was reserved for local worthies.   前面的一排椅子是为当地的要人预留。



★☆☆   wot
—————————————————
UK US  UK not standard mainly humorous 
pronoun 
■used in writing for what or that 
  （用于写作中，替代 what 或 that）
Wot? No food?   甚么？没有食物？
It's him wot won it.   是他赢了。



★☆☆   wotcha
—————————————————
(also wotcher) UK exclamation UK informal 
■used as an informal greeting, especially between friends 
  （尤用于朋友间的问候语）
Wotcha, mate!   嗨，老兄！



★☆☆   would
—————————————————
modal verb 
FUTURE  未来  
 ESSENTIAL  (also 'd) 
■used to refer to future time from the point of view of the past 
  （从过去的角度指将来发生的事）将，将要
He said he would see his brother tomorrow.   他说明天要去见他的兄弟。
They knew there would be trouble unless the report was finished by the next day.   他们知道，除非第二天能完成报告，否则就有麻烦了。
We realised it wouldn't be easy to find another secretary.   我们意识到再找一位秘书不会很容易。
would have 
 ESSENTIAL  
■used to refer back to a time in the past from a point of view in the future 
  （从将来的角度指过去应该发生的事）就会，应该
We thought they would have got home by five o'clock, but there was no reply when we phoned.   我们以为他们会在五时前到家，可是打电话时却没有人接听。
  Common Learner Errors   would   Would is followed by an infinitive verb without 'to'.   Don't say 'would to do something', say would do something
✗ He promised that he would to come with me.   He promised that he would come with me.
  Common Learner Errors   would or should?   Warning: Choose the correct verb!   To say what you think is the correct or best thing to do, don't say 'would', say should :
✗ I think the new assistant would be able to speak English.   I think the new assistant should be able to speak English.modal verb 
INTENTION  意图  
 ESSENTIAL  (also 'd) 
■used to refer to an intention from the point of view of the past 
  （从过去的角度指某一意图）将，会，要
He said he would always love her (= He said "I will always love you").   他说他会永远爱她。
They promised that they would help.   他们承诺会帮忙。
There was nobody left who would (= was willing to) do it.   剩下的人里没人愿意做这件事。
I asked him to move his car but he said he wouldn't (= he refused).   我要他挪一下车，可是他拒绝了。modal verb 
POSSIBLE  可能  
 ESSENTIAL  (also 'd) 
■used to refer to a situation that you can imagine happening 
  （指想像会发生的情形）会，将
I would hate to miss the show.   错过这次演出，我会很遗憾的。
I'd go myself but I'm too busy.   我要不是太忙，就会亲自去了。
It would have been very boring to sit through the whole speech.   若当时听完整场演讲的话，会是十分枯燥的。
 ESSENTIAL  (also 'd) 
■used with if in conditional sentences (= sentences which refer to what happens if something else happens) 
  （与 if 引导的条件句连用）
What would you do if you lost your job?   要是失去了工作，你会怎么办？
If I'd had time, I would have gone to see Graham.   如果那时我有时间的话，我本来会去看望格雷厄姆的。modal verb 
REQUEST  要求  
 ESSENTIAL  (also 'd) 
■used as a more polite form of will in requests and offers 
  （用于提要求时代替 will，语气更加客气）
Would you mind sharing a room?   你介不介意和别人共用一个房间？
Would you like me to come with you?   要不要我和你一起去？
Would you like some cake?   你想吃点蛋糕吗？modal verb 
WILLING  愿意  
 ESSENTIAL  past simple of 
■will (ABLE/WILLING) : used to talk about what someone was willing to do or what something was able to do 
  （用于谈论某人愿意做某事或某事的可行性）
The car wouldn't start this morning.   今天早晨车子发动不起来。modal verb 
WISH  希望  
would rather/sooner (also 'd) 
 ESSENTIAL  
■used to show that you prefer to have or do one thing more than another    更愿意；情愿
I'd rather have a beer.   我更乐意喝杯啤酒。
Which would you sooner do - go swimming or play tennis?   你更愿意玩哪一样——游泳还是打网球？
Wouldn't you rather finish it tomorrow?   你难道不想明天完成它吗？
He'd rather die than (= He certainly does not want to) let me think he needed help.   他死也不想让我觉得他需要帮助。
Would that ... formal 
■used to express a strong wish or desire    要是…多好；但愿
Would that (= If only) she could see her famous son now.   她要是现在能看见自己那已经出了名的儿子就好了。modal verb 
OFTEN  常常  
 ESSENTIAL  (also 'd) 
■used to talk about things in the past that happened often or always 
  （用于谈论过去经常或总是发生的事）常常，总是
He would always turn and wave at the end of the street.   他总会在街的尽头转过身来挥挥手。
 ESSENTIAL  (also 'd) disapproving 
■used to suggest that what happens is expected because it is typical, especially of a person's behaviour 
  （用于指某人的典型行为）老是，总是
"Margot rang to say she's too busy to come." "She would - she always has an excuse."   “玛戈打电话来说她太忙，来不了。”“她总是这样──永远有借口。”modal verb 
OPINION  观点  
 ESSENTIAL  (also 'd) 
■used to express an opinion in a polite way without being forceful 
  （用于礼貌地表明观点）
I would imagine we need to speak to the headteacher about this first.   我猜想我们需要先去问问校长有关这件事的意见。
It's not what we would have expected from a professional service.   这可不是我们期望从一所专业服务机构得到的服务。modal verb 
ADVISE  建议  
 IMPROVER  (also 'd) 
■should (ADVISE) 
  （表示劝告）
I wouldn't (= I advise you not to) worry about it, if I were you.   如果我是你，我就不会为它担心。modal verb 
REASON  原因  
 ADVANCED  (also 'd) 
■should (REASON) 
Why would anyone want to eat something so horrible?   为甚么会有人想吃这么可怕的东西？modal verb 
LIKELY  可能     (also 'd) 
■used to refer to what is quite likely    可能；大概
"The guy on the phone had an Australian accent." "That would be Tom, I expect."   “打电话的那个人一口澳大利亚口音。”“我估计可能是汤姆。”



★☆☆   would-be
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
■wanting or trying to be    想要做…的；试图成为…的；未来的
a would-be artist/politician   未来的艺术家／政治家



★☆☆   wouldn't
—————————————————
short form of 
 ESSENTIAL  
■would not 
I wouldn't do that if I were you.   我要是你的话，就不会那样做。



★☆☆   wound
—————————————————
noun countable 
INJURY  受伤  
 ADVANCED  
■a damaged area of the body, such as a cut or hole in the skin or flesh made by a weapon 
  （身体上的）伤，伤口
a gunshot wound   枪伤
a chest/leg wound   胸部／腿部的伤口
a flesh (= not deep) wound   皮肉伤
He died from multiple stab wounds to the neck and upper body.   他死于颈部和上半身的多处刺伤。noun countable 
UPSET  麻烦  
■a problem or great unhappiness    问题；痛苦；创伤
She refuses to talk about the incident, saying it would only reopen old wounds (= make her remember unhappy past experiences).   她拒绝谈起那场事故，说那样只会揭开旧伤疤。verb transitive usually passive 
HURT  受伤  
 ADVANCED  
■to damage an area of the body, especially by making a cut or hole in the skin 
  （身体上的）伤，伤口
Flying glass wounded her in the face and neck.   飞溅的玻璃刮伤她的脸和颈部。
The police chief was badly wounded in the explosion.   警长在爆炸中受了重伤。verb transitive usually passive 
UPSET  麻烦  
■to make someone feel upset    使受创伤；伤害
He was deeply wounded by her fierce criticism.   她尖刻的批评深深伤害了他。verb    past simple and past participle of 
■wind (TURN) and wind (WRAP AROUND)    包扎（伤口）



★☆☆   wounded
—————————————————
adjective 
UPSET  麻烦  
■offended or upset by what someone has said or done    受伤害的
a wounded expression   受伤害的表情
wounded pride   受伤的自尊心adjective 
INJURED  受伤的  
■injured, especially with a cut or hole in the skin 
  （身体上的）伤，伤口
a wounded soldier   伤兵plural noun 
the wounded 
■people who are injured    伤者
Ambulances took the wounded to local hospitals.   救护车将伤者送往当地医院。



★☆☆   wound up 
—————————————————
adjective 
■very worried, nervous or angry    紧张的；焦虑的；生气的
She gets quite wound up before a match.   比赛前她相当紧张。



★☆☆   wove
—————————————————
UK verb    past simple of 
■weave (MAKE)    织布



★☆☆   woven
—————————————————
UK verb    past participle of 
■weave (MAKE)    织布



★☆☆   wow
—————————————————
 informal 
exclamation 
 ADVANCED  
■used to show surprise and sometimes pleasure 
  （用来表示惊讶或惊喜）呀，哇
Wow! Did you make that cake? It looks delicious!   哇！那个蛋糕是你做的吗？看起来味道好极了！ informal 
noun only singular 
■a person or thing that is very successful, attractive or pleasant    成功的人（或事）；受欢迎的人（或事物）
He's a real wow with the girls in his class.   他班里的女孩子都非常喜欢他。 informal 
verb transitive 
■to make someone feel great excitement or admiration    使印象深刻；使叫绝
The movie wowed audiences throughout the States with its amazing special effects.   该电影以令人叫绝的特技效果大获全美观众的喜爱。



★☆☆   WPC
—————————————————
noun countable    UK abbreviation for 
■woman police constable: a female police officer of the lowest rank 
  （警衔最低的）女员警
WPC (Andrea) Watson   女员警（安德列娅．）沃森



★☆☆   WRAC
—————————————————
UK noun 
only singular [+ sing/pl verb] abbreviation for 
■Women's Royal Army Corps    皇家陆军妇女队
countable abbreviation 
■a member of the Women's Royal Army Corps    皇家陆军妇女队成员



★☆☆   wrack
—————————————————
noun uncountable    See rack and ruin at rack



★☆☆   WRAF
—————————————————
UK noun 
only singular [+ sing/pl verb] abbreviation for 
■Women's Royal Air Force    皇家空军妇女队
countable abbreviation 
■a member of the Women's Royal Air Force    皇家空军妇女队成员



★☆☆   wraith
—————————————————
 literary 
noun countable 
■a spirit of a dead person which is sometimes represented as a pale, transparent image of that person    鬼魂；幽灵
a wraith -like (= thin and pale) figure in a grey floating dress   穿着飘逸的灰色长裙，瘦削苍白如同幽灵一样的身影
■something which is pale or weak and without a clear shape    幻影，朦胧的景象
He watched the misty wraiths of moisture making patterns on the window pane.   他看到朦胧的湿气在窗格上形成不同的图案。
Her wraith of a voice (= Her weak voice) gave the songs a moving quality.   她淡淡的嗓音使歌曲听起来更加动人。



★☆☆   wrangle
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an argument, especially one which continues for a long period of time 
  （尤指长时间的）争论，争辩
a lengthy wrangle about/over costs   关于费用的长时间争论
The joint venture ended in a legal wrangle between the two companies.   这家合资企业最终陷入了一场那两家公司间旷日持久官司。



★☆☆   wrap
—————————————————
verb transitive (-pp-)
 ADVANCED  
■to cover or surround something with paper, cloth or other material 
  （用纸、布或其他材料）包，裹
She wrapped the present and tied it with ribbon.   她把礼物包起来，并用丝带扎紧。
Wrap the chicken in foil and cook it for two hours.   用锡纸将鸡肉包起来，加热两个小时。
 ADVANCED  
■to cover someone with material in order to protect them    用…包裹；用…覆盖
She wrapped the baby in a blanket.   她用一块毯子把婴儿包起来。
He wrapped a towel around his shoulders.   他用毛巾裹住他的肩膀。verb transitive (-pp-)
be wrapped up in sth/sb informal 
■If you are wrapped up in someone or something, you are very interested in them and ignore other people or things    全神贯注于…
She's always been completely wrapped up in the children.   她一直把所有精力都放在孩子身上。verb transitive (-pp-)
wrap sb (up) in cotton wool UK 
■to try to protect someone too carefully    娇惯（某人）；过分保护（某人）
You can't wrap (up) your children in cotton wool for ever.   你不可能永远娇惯自己的孩子。verb transitive (-pp-)
wrap sb around/round your little finger 
■to persuade someone easily to do what you want them to do    轻而易举地说服（某人）
She could wrap her father round her little finger.   她能轻松说服她父亲。verb transitive (-pp-)
wrap yourself in the flag slightly disapproving 
■to show great loyalty and support for your country in a way that does not ask questions    表达强烈的爱国情感
Although national pride is important to the prime minister, he does not wrap himself in the flag as his predecessor used to do.   虽然国家自豪感对总理来说至关重要，但他并没有像前任总理那样表达强烈的爱国情感。verb transitive (-pp-)
wrapped (up) in secrecy 
■If something such as plan is wrapped (up) in secrecy, the details about it are kept secret.    处于保密状态verb transitive (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   wrap sth around/round sb/sth UK (US wrap sth around sb/sth) 
■to put a piece of clothing or material around someone or something, usually to keep them warm 
  （通常为了保暖）用…裹住…
It was so cold that he wrapped a scarf tightly around his face.   太冷了，他便用一条围巾紧紧裹住自己的脸。verb transitive (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   wrap sth around/round sth UK (US wrap sth around sth) 
■to put part of your body, such as your fingers or arms, around something tightly 
  （用身体的一部分，如手指或胳膊）环绕，抱住
She wrapped her arms around her knees.   她用双臂抱住膝部。verb transitive (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] wrap (sb) up 
■to dress in warm clothes, or to dress someone in warm clothes 
  （使某人）穿得暖和
Wrap up well - it's cold outside.   穿暖和点——外面很冷。verb transitive (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] wrap sth up 
COVER  
■to cover or surround something in paper, cloth or other material 
  （用纸、布或其他材料）包，裹
Have you wrapped up Jenny's present yet?   你把珍妮的礼物包起来了吗？
FINISH     informal 
■to complete something successfully    圆满完成
That just about wraps it up for today.   这就差不多给今天画了个圆满的句号。noun 
COVERING  包裹  
countable (US also wrapper) 
■a loose piece of clothing which is worn tied around the body    宽松外套；浴衣
a towelling wrap   毛巾布浴衣
a beach wrap   沙滩浴衣
countable 
■a long piece of cloth which a woman wears around her shoulders to keep her warm or for decoration 
  （女式）披肩，围巾
a chiffon/silk wrap   雪纺／丝绸披肩
uncountable 
■material which is used to cover or protect objects    包裹物；覆盖物
plastic wrap   塑胶包装布
gift wrap   礼品包装纸noun 
FOOD  食物  
 countable 
■a sandwich made with one piece of very thin bread which is folded around a filling    卷饼noun 
take the wraps off sth 
■to allow people to know about something    使公开；透露秘密noun 
under wraps 
■secret    秘密的
They tried to keep the report under wraps.   他们试图将该报告保密。



★☆☆   wrap-around
—————————————————
adjective noun countable    (UK also wrapround) 
■(a piece of clothing that is) made so that it can be tied around the body 
  （衣服）裹身的，围着的；裹身式衣服
a wrap-around skirt   围裙
■(describes) something which curves round in one continuous piece    裹住的；围裹的；缠着的



★☆☆   wraparounds
—————————————————
plural noun 
■a pair of sunglasses that fits very closely, and curves around the sides of your eyes    罩眼式太阳镜（形容太阳镜遮住了整双眼睛）



★☆☆   wrapped
—————————————————
adjective 
COVERED  有包装的  
■covered with paper or other material    有包装的
individually wrapped chocolates   独立包装的巧克力adjective 
HAPPY  高兴的     (also rapt) Australian informal 
■extremely happy or excited    极高兴的；极兴奋的



★☆☆   wrapper
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a piece of paper, plastic or other material which covers and protects something    包装材料；包装纸
a UKsweet/ UScandy wrapper   糖果包装纸
US for    * wrap (= loose piece of clothing)



★☆☆   wrapping
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■paper or plastic which covers or protects something    包装纸；包装塑胶纸
cellophane wrapping   包装用玻璃纸
The new chairs were covered in protective plastic wrappings.   那些新椅子用防护性塑胶包装材料裹着。



★☆☆   wrapping paper 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■decorated paper which is used to cover presents 
  （礼品）包装纸



★☆☆   wrath
—————————————————
UK  US formal or old-fashioned 
noun uncountable 
■extreme anger    愤怒；愤慨
The people feared the wrath of God.   人们害怕上帝发怒。



★☆☆   wreak
—————————————————
 formal 
verb transitive 
■to cause something to happen in a violent and often uncontrolled way    造成，引起（灾祸等）
The recent storms have wreaked havoc on crops.   最近的暴风雨给农作物造成了巨大灾害。
She was determined to wreak revenge/vengeance on both him and his family.   她决心要报复他和他的家人。



★☆☆   wreath
—————————————————
 (/ri:&#xF0;z/ plural wreaths)
noun countable 
■an arrangement of flowers and leaves in a circular shape, which is used as a decoration or as a sign of respect and remembrance for a person who has died    花环；花圈
a holly/laurel wreath   圣诞冬青花环／桂冠
The bride wore a veil with a wreath of silk flowers.   新娘戴着一块饰有丝绸花环的面纱。
There were two large wreaths on the coffin.   棺材上摆放着两个巨大花圈。
The President ended his visit by laying a wreath at the war memorial.   总统向战争纪念碑敬献花圈，以此结束他的访问。



★☆☆   wreathe
—————————————————
 literary 
verb transitive 
■to cover or surround something    覆盖；缠绕，环绕
The peak of the mountain is perpetually wreathed in cloud.   这座山的山顶长年云雾缭绕。 literary 
verb transitive 
be wreathed in smiles 
■to be smiling and looking extremely happy    笑容满面；喜气洋洋
He was wreathed in smiles as he accepted the award.   他领奖时笑容满面。



★☆☆   wreck
—————————————————
verb transitive 
 ADVANCED  
■to destroy or badly damage something    破坏；毁坏
The explosion shattered nearby windows and wrecked two cars.   爆炸震碎了附近的窗子，并毁坏了两辆汽车。
Our greenhouse was wrecked in last night's storm.   我们的温室在昨晚的暴风雨中遭到破坏。
 ADVANCED  informal 
■to spoil something completely    毁掉；完全破坏
He has been warned that his behaviour might wreck his chances of promotion.   有人警告他说，他的行为可能会毁掉自己晋升的机会。noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a vehicle or ship that has been destroyed or badly damaged    严重损毁的交通工具；沉船
Divers exploring the wreck managed to salvage some coins and jewellery.   探寻沉船的潜水员设法打捞到一些硬币和珠宝。
The burnt-out wrecks of two police cars littered the road.   路上遍布着两辆被烧毁警车的残骸。
■informal 
■someone who is in bad physical or mental condition    健康（或精神）严重受损的人
The stress she had been under at work reduced her to a nervous/quivering wreck.   工作上的压力令她非常紧张／战战兢兢。



★☆☆   wreckage
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■a badly damaged object or the separated parts of a badly damaged object    严重受损的东西；残骸
Two children were trapped in the wreckage.   两名儿童被困在残骸里。
The wreckage of the car was scattered over the roadside.   那辆汽车的残骸散落在路旁。
■what is left of something that has been spoiled or that has failed    剩余物；残存物
Kate was still clinging to the wreckage of her failed marriage.   凯特仍然执著于她那破碎的婚姻，不想放手。



★☆☆   wrecked
—————————————————
adjective 
THING  物件  
■very badly damaged    遭到严重破坏的；被毁的
Just look at what you've done to my coat - it's wrecked.   看看你对我的大衣做的好事——它全毁了。adjective 
PERSON  人  
[after verb] slang 
■very drunk    酩酊大醉的
He got completely wrecked last Saturday night.   上周六晚，他醉得一塌糊涂。
[after verb] informal 
■very tired    非常疲惫的



★☆☆   wrecker
—————————————————
UK noun countable    US for 
■breakdown truck 



★☆☆   Wren
—————————————————
 UK informal 
noun countable 
■a member of the British Women's Royal Naval Service    英国皇家海军妇女服务队队员



★☆☆   wren
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a very small, brown bird    鹪鹩



★☆☆   wrench
—————————————————
verb 
transitive + adverb or preposition 
■to pull and twist something suddenly or violently away from a fixed position    猛拉；猛扭；猛扯
The photographer tripped over a lead, wrenching a microphone from its stand.   摄影师被一根电线绊了一下，将一支麦克风从底座上猛扯了下来。
The phone had been wrenched from/off the wall.   电话从墙上被猛地扯了下来。
The ball was wrenched out of his grasp by another player.   球被另一名球员从他手中猛地抢了过去。
His hands were tied but he managed to wrench himself free.   他双手被绑，但他设法挣脱开来。
transitive 
■to twist part of your body badly, such as your arm or leg, and injure it    扭伤（身体部位）
He wrenched his right shoulder during a game of hockey.   他在一场曲棍球比赛中扭伤了自己的右肩。
transitive usually passive 
■to suddenly take someone from people they love, causing them great unhappiness    夺走（某人）；拆散
At the age of eight, she was wrenched from her foster parents and sent to live with another family.   八岁时，她被人从养父母身边夺走，送去与另一家人一起生活。noun 
TOOL  工具  
countable mainly US 
■a spanner , usually one which can be made larger or smaller for holding and turning objects of different sizes    扳手
an adjustable wrench   活动扳手
⇨ See also monkey wrenchnoun 
PULL  拉  
countable usually singular 
■a sudden, violent twist or pull    猛扭；猛拉；猛扯noun 
UNHAPPY FEELING  痛苦  
only singular 
■a feeling of unhappiness when you have to leave a person or place that you love 
  （被迫离开某人或某地时的）痛苦，难受
She found leaving home a real wrench.   她发现离开家是一件非常痛苦的事。



★☆☆   wrest
—————————————————
verb transitive + adverb or preposition    formal 
■to get something with effort or difficulty    辛苦谋求；费力取得
The shareholders are planning to wrest control of the company (away) from the current directors.   股东正在计划从现任董事手中夺取公司的控制权。
■to violently pull something away from someone    夺取；攫取
He wrested the letter from my grasp.   他从我手中夺走了那封信。



★☆☆   wrestle
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to fight with someone (especially as a sport) by holding them and trying to throw them to the ground 
  （尤指作为运动）（与…）摔跤，角力；（将…）摔倒
He has wrestled professionally for five years.   他从事职业摔跤已有五年了。
The police officer tackled the man and wrestled him to the ground.   员警揪住那个人，并把他摔倒在地。verb intransitive or transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   wrestle with sth 
■to try very hard to deal with a problem or to make a difficult decision    努力解决；艰难对付
The government is wrestling with difficult economic problems.   政府正在努力应对严重的经济问题。
He wrestled with the decision for several weeks, wondering what he should do.   他为作这个决定苦苦思索了几个星期，不知道该如何是好。




★☆☆   wrestler
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who wrestles as a sport    摔跤运动员



★☆☆   wrestling
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a sport where two people fight and try to throw each other to the ground    摔跤运动



★☆☆   wretch
—————————————————
noun countable 
UNHAPPY PERSON  不快乐的人  
■a person who experiences something unpleasant    可怜的人；不幸的人
a poor/miserable wretch   可怜的／悲惨的人noun countable 
BAD PERSON  坏人     informal or humorous 
■someone who is unpleasant or annoying    讨厌的人；无耻之徒；恶棍
Who's trampled on my flowers? I bet it was those two little wretches who live next door.   谁踩了我的花？我敢肯定是住在隔壁的那两个小坏蛋。
You wretch! You promised you'd give me a lift.   你真讨厌！你答应过让我搭顺风车的。



★☆☆   wretched
—————————————————
adjective 
■unhappy, unpleasant or of low quality    苦恼的；不幸的；素质差的
a wretched childhood   不幸的童年
The house was in a wretched state.   这所房子状况很糟。
■used to express anger 
  （表示憎恶）讨厌的，该死的
My wretched car's broken down again.   我那该死的车又抛锚了。
■very ill or very unhappy    病得厉害的；不愉快的
I think I must be coming down with flu - I've been feeling wretched all day.   我觉得我定是得流感了——我一整天都很不舒服。



