★☆☆   midsized
—————————————————
adjective (also mid-size) mainly US 
■describes something such as an organization or vehicle that is neither large nor small    中等大小的，中号的，中型的
a midsized family car   中型家用汽车



★☆☆   midst
—————————————————
noun uncountable formal 
■the middle of a group of people or things    中间，当中，中央
She caught sight of Johnny in their midst (= among them) , laughing and talking.   她看到强尼在他们当中，又说又笑。
in the midst of sth 
■in the middle of an event, situation or activity    正当…的时候；在…之中
I'm afraid I'm too busy - I'm in the midst of writing up a report.   恐怕我太忙了——我正在写一份报告。
The country is in the midst of an economic crisis.   这个国家正在经历一场经济危机。preposition literary 
■among 
The summit of the mountain appeared midst the clouds.   山顶在云中显现。



★☆☆   midstream
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the middle of a river where the water flows fastest    中流；河流中心
They slowly paddled the boat into midstream.   他们慢慢将船划到河流中央。noun uncountable 
(in) midstream 
■in the middle of an activity, often one that is interrupted    半途，中途
She interrupted him in midstream to ask a question.   她中途打断了他，问了个问题。



★☆☆   midsummer
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the period in the middle of summer    仲夏
I don't normally take my holiday in midsummer.   我一般不在仲夏休假。
a midsummer evening   仲夏之夜
■the summer solstice , the day of the year on which it is light for the longest length of time (21 June in northern parts of the world, 22 December in southern parts of the world)    夏至
It's midsummer sometime this week, isn't it?   夏至是在本周的某一天，是吗？



★☆☆   Midsummer('s) Day
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable UK 
■June 24th    施洗约翰节（6月24日）



★☆☆   midterm
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■in the middle of the period when a government is in office 
  （一届政府的任期）中期的
The governing party usually does badly in midterm by-elections.   执政党通常在中期补选中表现很差。UK noun uncountable    US for 
■half term 



★☆☆   midway
—————————————————
adverb 
■half the distance between two places    在中途，在半路；在两地之间
Leeds is midway between London and Edinburgh.   里兹在伦敦与爱丁堡之间。
■in the middle of a process or period of time    到（进程的）一半时，在（一段时间的）中间
She stopped working midway through her pregnancy.   她到怀孕中期时停止了工作。noun countable US 
■a part of a fair, circus etc. where there are games of skill and other types of entertainment    娱乐场（露天游乐场、马戏团等的一部分，提供技巧游戏和其他娱乐活动的地方）
Some people go to the state fair to see the livestock, but I prefer the midway.   一些人到州市集是为了看家畜，我却比较喜欢那里的娱乐场。



★☆☆   midweek
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the middle of the week, usually from Tuesday to Thursday    一星期的中段，周中（通常从星期二到星期四）
By midweek, the situation had become worrying.   到周中时，情况变得令人担忧。



★☆☆   Midwestern
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■relating to the Midwest 
  （美国）中西部的
a Midwestern city/state   中西部的城市／州



★☆☆   midwife
—————————————————
noun countable (plural midwives)
■a person, usually a woman, who is trained to help women when they are giving birth    助产士，接生员；产婆



★☆☆   midwinter
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the middle of the winter    仲冬
Temperatures can drop well below freezing in midwinter.   仲冬时，温度有时会下降至比零度还要低得多的程度。
■the winter solstice , the particular day of the year on which it is light for the shortest period of time (22 December in northern parts of the world, 21 June in southern parts of the world)    冬至
They celebrate midwinter by lighting candles.   他们点燃蜡烛庆祝冬至。



★☆☆   mien
—————————————————
noun countable literary 
■a person's appearance, especially the typical expression on their face    风度；仪表；（尤指）神态
His aristocratic mien and smart clothes singled him out.   高贵的气质和时尚的衣著令他十分引人注目。



★☆☆   miffed
—————————————————
adjective informal 
■annoyed at someone's behaviour towards you    生气的，恼怒的
She hadn't phoned for a week and I was getting quite miffed.   她一个星期都没打电话来，我有些生气。



★☆☆   might
—————————————————
modal verb 
MAY  可能  
 ESSENTIAL  past simple of 
■the verb may , used especially when reporting what someone has said, thought, asked, etc 
  （may 的过去式）可能，可以
I brought him some sandwiches because I thought he might be hungry.   我拿了些三明治给他，因为我想他可能饿了。
Very politely the little boy asked if he might have another piece of cake (= he said "May I have another piece of cake, please?").   小男孩非常礼貌地问可否再吃一块蛋糕。modal verb 
POSSIBILITY  可能性  
 ESSENTIAL  
■used to express the possibility that something will happen or be done, or that something is true although not very likely 
  （表示可能性）可能，也许
I might come and visit you in America next year, if I can save enough money.   如果我存够钱的话，明年我也许会到美国看你。
Don't go any closer - it might be dangerous/it mightn't be safe.   别再走近了——那可能很危险／不安全。
Driving so fast, he might have had a nasty accident (= it could have happened but it did not).   他开车开得那么快，早就可能出意外。
The rain might have stopped by now.   现在雨也许已经停了。modal verb 
PERMISSION  允许  
 ADVANCED  UK formal 
■used as a more polite form of may when asking for permission 
  （用于请求许可，语气较 may 更婉转）可以，能
Might I ask a question?   我能问个问题吗？
I wonder if I might have a quick look at your newspaper?   请问我能否看一下你的报纸？modal verb 
SUGGESTION  建议  
 ADVANCED  
■used to make a suggestion or suggest a possibility in a polite way 
  （用于礼貌地建议）可以，也许
You might like to try a little more basil in the sauce next time.   下次你可以试着在酱汁里多加点罗勒。
I thought you might like to join me for dinner.   我想你也许愿意和我一起吃晚餐。modal verb 
SHOULD  应该  
■used to suggest, especially angrily, what someone should do to be pleasant, correct, polite, etc 
  （表示婉转的责备）应该
You might at least try to look like you're enjoying yourself!   你至少应该努力做出很开心的样子！
"I've asked the boss to dinner tonight." "Well, you might have warned me!"   “今晚我要请老板吃饭。”“噢，你总该事先告诉我！”modal verb 
INTRODUCE  引出     (also may) 
■used to introduce a statement which is very different from the statement you really want to make, in order to compare the two 
  （用于引出与真正想说的话完全不同的话，以将两者对比）也许
Leeds might be an excellent team, but today they played appallingly.   里兹队也许是支很棒的球队，但今天他们表现得糟糕极了。modal verb 
I might have known slightly disapproving 
■said when you are not surprised at a situation or someone's behaviour, because you expected it    我就知道
I might have known (that) he'd still be in bed at noon.   我就知道他到中午了还在睡觉。modal verb 
might I ask/inquire/know UK formal 
■used in questions to show disapproval by being more polite than is expected 
  （用于问句中，礼貌地表示不赞同）我可以问一下／知道吗
And what are you doing in there, might I ask?   我可以问一下你在那里做甚么吗？modal verb 
  Common Learner Errors   might   Might is followed by an infinitive verb without 'to'.   Don't say 'might does something', say might do something :
✗ This year's group might includes several vegetarians.   This year's group might include several vegetarians.noun uncountable 
■power, strength or force    力量；威力；能力
Pizarro defeated the might of the Inca Empire with only a few hundred men.   皮萨罗以区区几百人就打败了强大的印加帝国。
She struggled with all her might to get free.   她用尽全力想挣脱出来。noun uncountable 
with might and main old-fashioned literary 
■with as much effort as possible    全力以赴，竭尽全力
They shouted with might and main but nobody came to rescue them.   他们竭尽全力呼喊，却没有人来营救。



★☆☆   might-have-been
—————————————————
noun countable 
■something positive which could have been achieved, but was not    本来可能发生的事（本来有机会达成的好事，但没有成真）
There's no point now in regretting the might-have-beens.   对于原本可能实现的事情，现在追悔是毫无意义的。



★☆☆   mightily
—————————————————
UK US formal 
adverb 
■with great effort    竭尽全力地
He spent ten years struggling mightily with the bureaucracy.   他与官僚体制顽强地抗争了十年。



★☆☆   mightn't
—————————————————
short form of 
■might not 
Don't panic - it mightn't be true.   别惊慌——那可能不是真的。



★☆☆   might've
—————————————————
UK short form of 
■might have 
She might've taken it with her to read on the train.   她可能已经把它带上火车去读了。



★☆☆   mighty
—————————————————
UK adjective literary 
 ADVANCED  
■very large, powerful or important    强大的；巨大的；伟大的
In the next game they will face the mighty Redskins.   下一场比赛中他们将迎战实力强大的红人队。
the mighty River Po   滔滔的波河UK adverb mainly US informal 
■very    很，极，非常
They offered to raise salaries by 12% - that's a mighty generous deal.   他们表示愿意加薪12%，那可真是慷慨啊。



★☆☆   migraine
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■severe continuous pain in the head, often with vomiting and difficulty in seeing    偏头痛
Do you suffer from migraine?   你患有偏头痛吗？
Considering the amount of stress she's under, it's not surprising she keeps getting migraines.   想想她所承受的压力，她常常有偏头痛也就不足为奇了。
a migraine headache   偏头痛



★☆☆   migrant
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person or animal that travels from one place to another    移民，迁徙的动物
These birds are winter migrants from Scandinavia.   这些鸟是从斯堪的纳维亚迁徙过来的冬候鸟。
The cities are full of migrants looking for work.   城市里到处是寻找工作的移民。
migrant workers   流动工人
a migrant population   流动人口



★☆☆   migrate
—————————————————
verb 
TRAVEL/MOVE  迁移  
intransitive 
■When an animal migrates, it travels to a different place, usually when the season changes 
  （动物）迁徙，移栖
These animals migrate annually in search of food.   这些动物为寻找食物每年都迁徙。
In September, these birds migrate 2000 miles south to a warmer climate.   九月，这些鸟会向南迁徙2000英里到更温暖的地方。
intransitive 
■If people migrate, they travel in large numbers to a new place to live temporarily 
  （指人）大批外出；（暂时）移居，迁移
Mexican farm workers migrate into the US each year to find work at harvest time.   每年收获季节来临时，大批墨西哥农场工人都会涌入美国找工作。
intransitive 
■to move from one place to another    移动，转移
Trade is migrating from local shops to the larger out-of-town stores.   贸易正从当地的商店转移到更大的城外商场。verb 
COMPUTING  电脑科技  
intransitive or transitive specialized 
■to begin using a new computer system, or to move information from one type of system to another    转移（使用新的作业系统，或将资料从一种作业系统移至另一种作业系统）
Migrating to Windows XP shouldn't cause you any problems.   改用 Windows XP 应该不会给你带来任何不便。



★☆☆   mike
—————————————————
(US also mic) [ma&#x26A;k]
noun countable    informal for 
■microphone 



★☆☆   mild
—————————————————
adjective 
SLIGHT  轻微的  
 ADVANCED  
■not violent, severe or extreme    温和的；和缓的；轻微的
She can't accept even mild criticism of her work.   即使别人对她的作品略有微词，她也不能接受。
He has suffered a mild heart attack - nothing too serious.   他只是轻微的心脏病发作，并不太严重。adjective 
WEATHER  天气  
 ADVANCED  
■describes weather that is not very cold or not as cold as usual 
  （天气）温和的，暖和的
We've had a mild winter this year.   我们今年过了个暖冬。adjective 
FOOD  食物  
 ADVANCED  
■describes food or a food flavour that is not very strong 
  （食物或其味道）不浓烈的，淡的
He doesn't like a hot curry - he prefers a mild one.   他不喜欢辛辣的咖喱饭，而较喜欢味淡一点的。
a mild chilli sauce   微辣的辣椒酱adjective 
GENTLE  温和的  
■gentle and calm    温和的，随和的
a shy, mild sort of guy   害羞、温和的人noun uncountable 
■a dark beer, drunk in some parts of Britain, that does not have a very strong or bitter taste 
  （英国一些地区的）清淡黑啤酒    Compare bitter



★☆☆   mildew
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a black, green or whitish area caused by a fungus that grows on things such as plants, paper, cloth or buildings, usually if the conditions are warm and wet    霉；霉菌
There are patches of mildew on the walls.   墙上出现了一块块的霉斑。



★☆☆   mildly
—————————————————
adverb 
■slightly    略微
I was mildly surprised to see him here.   在这里看到他令我略感惊讶。
■in a gentle way    温和地
"I think you've made a mistake," he said mildly.   “我认为你犯了个错误。”他温和地说。adverb 
to put it mildly 
■used for saying that something is much more extreme than your words suggest    保守地说；说得好听（或委婉）一点
It has been a remarkable day, to put it mildly.   说得委婉一点，这是不寻常的一天。



★☆☆   mild-mannered
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes a person who is gentle and does not show extreme emotions    举止温文的
a mild-mannered philosophy professor   举止温文的哲学教授



★☆☆   mile
—————————————————
noun 
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a unit of distance equal to 1760 yards or 1.6 kilometres    英里（长度单位，相当于1760码或1.6公里）
a ten-mile drive   10英里的车程
The nearest town is ten miles away.   最近的城镇在十英里外。
The speed limit is 30 miles an/per hour.   限速为每小时30英里。
miles    [plural] 
■a very long way    很远的距离
From the top, we could see for miles in every direction.   从顶部我们可以环视四周，极目远眺。
He lives miles away on the other side of town.   他住在城的另一边，离这里很远。noun 
be miles away mainly UK 
■to not be conscious of what is happening around you because you are thinking about something else    心不在焉
You could tell by the expression on her face that she was miles away, thinking about home.   从她的表情你就可以看出她心不在焉，在想家呢。noun 
a mile a minute 
■very quickly    迅速地
Mike was very excited talking a mile a minute.   麦克很兴奋，说话像连珠炮。noun 
a mile off 
■If you can see or realize something a mile off, you notice it easily and quickly    一下子，很容易（就能注意到…）
She's lying - you can tell it a mile off.   她在撒谎——一眼就能看得出来。noun 
(by) miles informal 
■used to say something is much greater or better than something else 
  （大或好）很多；…得多
British restaurant food is better by miles/miles better than it used to be 20 years ago.   英国餐厅的食物比20年前的好多了。noun 
miles from anywhere/nowhere 
■a long distance from other houses or a town    荒郊野外，偏远的地方
They live miles from nowhere, in the middle of the countryside.   他们住在远离人烟的乡下。noun 
miles too big/small/expensive, etc. informal 
■very much bigger/smaller/more expensive, etc. than you would like    实在太大／小／贵等
This tea is miles too sweet!   这茶实在太甜了！noun 
stand/stick out a mile 
■to be very obvious or easy to see    一目了然，显而易见
His lack of experience sticks out a mile.   他缺乏经验，这显而易见。



★☆☆   mileage
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
DISTANCE TRAVELLED  距离  
■the distance that a vehicle has travelled or the distance that it can travel using a particular amount of fuel    英里数；英里里程；某固定油量的行车里程
'What's the mileage on your car?' 'Oh, about 40 000'.   “你的车跑了多少英里了？”“哦，大约四万了。”
Smaller cars have better mileage and so cost less to run.   汽车越小，同等油耗下跑的里程就越远，因此使用成本也越低。noun uncountable 
MONEY FOR TRAVEL  交通费     (also mileage allowance) 
■the amount of money that you are paid or that you must pay for each mile you travel    按英里计算的交通补贴；按英里计算的收费
The car costs £30 a day to rent, but you get unlimited mileage (= no charge for the miles travelled).   租一辆汽车每天的费用是30英镑，但不限里程数。noun uncountable 
ADVANTAGE  好处     informal 
■the advantage that you can get from a situation    利益；好处
There's no mileage in complaining to the Director - she'll just ignore you.   向主任投诉没有用——她根本不会理你。
political mileage   政治利益



★☆☆   mileometer
—————————————————
(UK also milometer) UK noun countable UK (US odometer) 
■a device in a vehicle that measures and shows the distance it travels 
  （车辆的）计程器，里程表



★☆☆   milestone
—————————————————
UK noun countable (UK also milepost) 
STONE/POST  碑／地标  
■a stone or post at the side of the road on which is printed the distance to various places, especially to the nearest large town    里程碑，里程标UK noun countable (UK also milepost) 
IMPORTANT EVENT  重大事件  
■an important event in the development or history of something or in someone's life    里程碑；重大事件；转捩点
He felt that moving out from his parents' home was a real milestone in his life.   他感到搬出父母家是他一生中一个真正的转捩点。



★☆☆   milf
—————————————————
(also MILF) [m&#x26A;lf]
noun countable slang 
■a sexually attractive woman who is a mother    性感少妇



★☆☆   milieu
—————————————————
UK noun countable (plural milieus or milieux)    formal 
■the people, physical and social conditions and events which provide the environment in which someone acts or lives    社会背景；周围环境；出身背景
It is a study of the social and cultural milieu in which Michelangelo lived and worked.   这是一项对米开朗基罗生活和工作所处的社会与文化背景的研究。



★☆☆   militant
—————————————————
adjective 
■active, determined and often willing to use force    激进的；行动积极的；好战的，好斗的
militant union extremists   激进好斗的工会极端分子
The group has taken a militant position on the abortion issue and is refusing to compromise.   这个团体在堕胎问题上采取强硬立场，不肯妥协。



★☆☆   militarism
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable disapproving 
■the belief that it is necessary to have strong armed forces and that they should be used in order to win political or economic advantages    军国主义



★☆☆   militarist
—————————————————
UK noun countable disapproving 
■a person who wants more powerful armed forces in their country    军国主义者



★☆☆   militarized
—————————————————
(UK usually militarised) UK adjective 
■describes an area, country or organization that has a large strong army and other armed forces and many weapons    军事化的；武装起来的
North Korea is said to be the world's most heavily militarized country, with over 1 million men in the armed forces.   北韩据说是世界上军事化程度最高的国家，军力达100多万人。



★☆☆   military
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  
■relating to or belonging to the armed forces    军事的；军用的
foreign military intervention   外国军事干预
military targets/forces   军事目标／力量
military uniform   军装
 ESSENTIAL  
■describes a characteristic that is typical of the armed forces    富有军队特点的
military precision   军事行动般的精确UK noun 
the military 
 IMPROVER  
■the armed forces    武装部队；军方
The military has opposed any cuts in defence spending.   军方反对任何裁减国防开支的举措。



★☆☆   military academy 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a place where soldiers are trained to become officers    军事学院
■a private school in the US that expects obedience to rules, has uniforms and is generally run like the armed forces 
  （美国的）私立准军事学校



★☆☆   military band 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a group of musicians within the armed forces who play marching and military music    军乐队



★☆☆   military honours 
—————————————————
plural noun 
■ceremonies performed by soldiers to honour a king, queen or other important person, or to honour someone important who has died    检阅仪仗队仪式；军葬礼
The Colonel was buried with full military honours.   那位上校以隆重的军葬礼入葬。



★☆☆   military service 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■army training that young people must do in some countries    兵役
He has to do his military service before going to university.   上大学前他必须服兵役。



★☆☆   militate
—————————————————
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   militate against sth formal 
■to make something less likely to happen or succeed    妨碍；对…产生不利影响
The complexity and costliness of the judicial system militate against justice for the individual.   司法体系的复杂性及高昂的费用不利于实现个体的公义。




★☆☆   militia
—————————————————
noun countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a military force which only operates for some of the time and whose members often have other jobs    民兵组织；预备役部队；国民卫队
A UN force was sent in to stop fighting between three rival militias.   一支联合国部队被派去制止三个敌对的民兵组织之间的争斗。
The government called out the militia to help cope with the rioting.   政府召集国民卫队来帮助应付骚乱。



★☆☆   militiaman
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a member of a militia    民兵



★☆☆   milk
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the white liquid produced by cows, goats, and sheep and used by humans as a drink or for making butter, cheese, etc    奶；牛奶；羊奶
a glass/carton of milk   一杯／盒牛奶
cow's/goat's milk   牛／羊奶
skimmed/pasteurized milk   脱脂奶／经高温杀菌的牛奶
a milk bottle   奶瓶
■the white liquid produced by women and other female mammals as food for their young 
  （女性及雌性哺乳动物的）奶，乳汁
Breast/Mother's milk is the best nourishment for a baby.   母乳是婴儿最好的营养品。
■the white liquid produced by some plants and trees 
  （植物的）乳液，白色汁液
coconut milk   椰汁noun uncountable 
the milk of human kindness 
■good, kind qualities    人类的恻隐之心；人类的善良天性
She's full of the milk of human kindness.   她本性仁慈善良。verb 
GET MILK  挤奶  
intransitive or transitive 
■to get milk from an animal    挤…的奶；挤（奶）
Milking a cow by hand is a skilled process.   挤牛奶是一项需要专门技术的工作。
Some goats seem to milk (= produce milk) better than others.   有些山羊似乎比其他山羊更容易产奶。verb 
GET MONEY/INFORMATION  榨取金钱／消息  
transitive disapproving 
■to get as much money or information out of someone or something as possible, often in a selfish or dishonest way    榨取，勒索
[+ obj + adj] The newspapers milked the story dry.   报纸利用这个故事大做文章。
The directors milked the company of several million pounds.   几个董事榨取了公司数百万英镑的钱财。



★☆☆   milk bar 
—————————————————
noun countable mainly Australian 
■a shop which sells milk products, bread and sweets 
  （出售牛乳制品、面包及糖果的）奶品店



★☆☆   milk chocolate 
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■sweet, light brown chocolate made with milk    牛奶巧克力
biscuits coated with thick milk chocolate   裹着厚厚的牛奶巧克力的饼干



★☆☆   milk float 
—————————————————
noun countable UK 
■a vehicle, usually with an electric motor, used to take milk to people's houses in the UK 
  （英国的）送奶车



★☆☆   milking machine 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a machine used to take milk from cows    挤奶器



★☆☆   milkman
—————————————————
noun countable 
■someone who brings milk to your home in the early morning    送奶人
Britain is one of the few countries where milk is delivered daily to the doorstep by milkmen.   英国是世界上少数几个牛奶每天由送奶人送到门口的国家之一。



★☆☆   milk of magnesia 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a white liquid medicine containing magnesium , taken to cure slight stomach problems    镁乳，氧化镁乳剂



★☆☆   milk round 
—————————————————
noun 
countable 
■a route which a milkman has to take regularly or every day to take milk to the homes of customers    送奶路线
Dad had a milk round and used to get up really early.   那时候爸爸有固定的送奶工作，很早就起床。
the milk round UK informal    only singular 
■the series of visits made at a particular time of the year by large companies to colleges to discuss giving jobs to students after they have finished their education 
  （各大公司进行的）毕业招聘，巡回招聘，校园招募



★☆☆   milk run 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a journey that you make often, especially one including several stops 
  （尤指停留几站的）例行旅程



★☆☆   milkshake
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a drink made of milk and usually ice cream and a flavour such as fruit or chocolate, mixed quickly together until it is full of bubbles    奶昔（将牛奶和霜淇淋混合并加入水果或巧克力调味、搅打至起泡的饮料）
a chocolate milkshake   巧克力奶昔



★☆☆   milk tooth 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a baby tooth 



★☆☆   milk truck 
—————————————————
noun countable US 
■a vehicle used to deliver milk in the US 
  （美国的）送奶车



★☆☆   milky
—————————————————
adjective 
■describes a liquid containing milk or made with a lot of milk    含奶的；奶的；乳制的
a cup of milky coffee   一杯牛奶咖啡
Having a milky drink before bed helps me sleep.   睡前喝一杯含牛奶的饮料能助我入眠。
■white, pale or cloudy    乳状的；乳白色的
milky skin   嫩白的肌肤
a milky white/blue   乳白／蓝



★☆☆   mill
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a building where grain is crushed into flour    磨坊，碾磨厂，磨粉厂
 ADVANCED  
■a small machine for crushing things into powder    碾磨机，磨粉机
a pepper/coffee mill   胡椒／咖啡研磨机
 ADVANCED  
■a factory where a particular substance is produced    制造厂，工厂
a cotton/paper/steel mill   棉纺／造纸／炼钢厂noun countable 
put sb through the mill informal 
■to cause someone to have a difficult and unpleasant experience, especially by asking them a lot of difficult questions    使（某人）饱受折磨；（尤指用大量问题）为难（某人）
I had the interview this morning - they really put me through the mill.   我今早去面试了——他们真的让我受了几番折磨。verb transitive 
■to crush grain into flour or another substance into powder    磨；碾碎
The grain is still milled locally.   谷物仍然在当地碾磨。
■specialized 
■to shape metal by removing parts from it using a special machine    铣（金属）verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   mill around (UK also mill about) 
■If a group of people mill around, they move about with no particular purpose or in no fixed direction, sometimes while waiting for someone 
  （一群人）漫无目的地乱转，闲荡
In the village square, people were milling about in the sunshine.   在村庄广场上，人们在阳光下徜徉。




★☆☆   millennium
—————————————————
noun countable (plural millennia or millenniums)
 ADVANCED  
■a period of 1000 years, or the time when a period of 1000 years ends    一千年，千周年；千周年纪念日
The corpse had lain preserved in the soil for almost two millennia.   那具尸体在地下保存了近两千年。
How did you celebrate the Millennium?   你们是怎么庆祝千禧年的？    Compare century



★☆☆   millepede
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a millipede 



★☆☆   miller
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person, especially in the past, who owned or was in charge of a mill 
  （尤指旧时的）磨坊主；面粉厂主



★☆☆   millet
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a plant that is similar to grass, or the small seeds from this plant that can be eaten    黍，稷；小米，粟



★☆☆   milli-
—————————————————
prefix 
■0.001 of the stated unit    毫，千分之一
milliamp   毫安培培
millijoule   毫焦耳



★☆☆   millibar
—————————————————
UK noun countable (written abbreviation mb) 
■a unit of air pressure    毫巴（压强单位）
an anticyclone of 1030 millibars   1030毫巴的反气旋



★☆☆   milligram
—————————————————
(UK also milligramme) ['m&#x26A;l.&#x26A;.gr&#xE6;m]
noun countable (written abbreviation mg) 
■a unit of mass which is equal to 0.001 grams    毫克



★☆☆   millilitre
—————————————————
UK (ALSO US milliliter) UK noun countable (written abbreviation ml) 
■a unit of volume which is equal to 0.001 litres    毫升



★☆☆   millimetre
—————————————————
UK (ALSO US millimeter) UK noun countable (written abbreviation mm) 
 IMPROVER  
■a unit of length which is equal to 0.001 metres    毫米



★☆☆   milliner
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who makes or sells women's hats    女帽制造者；女帽销售者



★☆☆   millinery
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the hats and other goods that are sold by a milliner    女帽；女性头饰用品



★☆☆   million
—————————————————
number (plural million or millions)
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■the number 1 000 000 
  （数字）100万
She got eight million dollars for appearing in that film.   她出演那部电影拿到了800万美元的片酬。
a million/millions of sth informal 
■a large number    大量
I must have told you a million times to close the windows when you leave the house.   我一定已经告诉你无数次了，离开房子前要把窗户关好。
the millions 
■numbers between 1 000 000 and 1 000 000 000    一百万与十亿间的数字
In wealthy parts of the country, homes cost from £ 750 000 into the millions.   在这个国家的富裕地区，房屋的价钱从75万到数百万英镑不等。number (plural million or millions)
be one in a million approving 
■to be a very special person    是万中无一的人，是无与伦比的人
Thanks again - you're one in a million!   再次感谢——你真是个难得的好人！number (plural million or millions)
one-in-a-million 
■describes a chance that is extremely unlikely    可能性极小的
Don't worry - the chances of anything going wrong are one-in-a-million.   别担心——出问题的可能性极小。number (plural million or millions)
look / feel (like) a million dollars (US look/feel (like) a million bucks) informal 
■to look or feel extremely good, often because you are experiencing something that costs a lot of money 
  （通常指享受奢侈品时）看起来／感觉非常好
"You look a million dollars in that dress, honey!"   “你穿那件衣服真棒，亲爱的！”number (plural million or millions)
thanks a million informal 
■thank you very much    非常感谢
"I've done what you asked." "Thanks a million!"   “你要我做的事我已经做完了。”“非常感谢！”number (plural million or millions)
  Common Learner Errors   millions (of sth) or million?   When million is used after a particular number, it is used in the singular form and without 'of'.   Don't say 'five/ten/fifteen millions of sth', say five/ten/fifteen million sth:
✗ The house cost 2 millions of dollars.   The house cost 2 million dollars.   When million is used without a particular number, it is used in the plural form and is sometimes followed by 'of':   The house cost millions (of dollars).



★☆☆   millionaire
—————————————————
UK noun countable (female also millionairess) 
■a person who has at least 1 000 000 in their country's money    百万富翁；大富翁
You want me to buy you a new car - do you think I'm a millionaire or something?   想要我买辆新车给你，你以为我是百万富翁吗？



★☆☆   millionth
—————————————————
ordinal number 
■1 000 000 th written as a word    第一百万
Coventry City football club counted their millionth supporter through the gates last Saturday.   考文垂市足球俱乐部上周六在大门口算出了他们的第100万个支持者。
informal They're showing 'High Noon' on TV for the millionth time (= having already shown it a lot of times).   电视上正在播出影片《日正当中》，都不知道已经播了多少次了。noun countable 
■one of a million equal parts of something    百万分之一
a millionth of a second   百万分之一秒



★☆☆   millipede
—————————————————
(also millepede) ['m&#x26A;l.&#x26A;.pi:d]
noun countable 
■a small creature with a long cylindrical body consisting of many parts, each part having two pairs of legs    马陆，千足虫



★☆☆   millisecond
—————————————————
noun [C or] (written abbreviation ms) (msec) 
■a unit of time which is equal to 0.001 seconds    毫秒（时间单位，＝1／1000秒）



★☆☆   millpond
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a pool of water which provides the power to make the wheel of a mill turn    磨坊水池
The sea that day was like a millpond (= very calm and not moving).   那天海上风平浪静。



★☆☆   millstone
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■one of a pair of large circular flat stones used, especially in the past, to crush grain to make flour    磨石，磨盘UK noun countable 
be (like) a millstone around/round your neck 
■to be a responsibility that is difficult to bear and causes you trouble    犹如套在（某人）脖子上的磨盘，成了（某人的）沉重负担
The mortgage on his house had become a millstone around his neck.   房屋按揭贷款让他不堪重负。



★☆☆   mime
—————————————————
noun 
uncountable 
■when you use movements of your hands and body, and expressions on your face, without speech, to communicate emotions and actions or to tell a story    默剧表演
The first scene was performed in mime.   第一场是以默剧形式演出的。
countable 
■a short play without speech    默剧verb intransitive or transitive 
■to act or tell a story in mime    以默剧的形式表演
The whole of the banquet scene is mimed.   整个宴会的场景是以默剧的形式演绎的。
■to pretend to sing, play or say something without making any sound 
  （配合已录好的录音）做模拟动作，假唱，做口型
Most of the bands that appear on the show just mime to a recording of their songs.   演出中大多数乐队只是伴随他们已经录好的歌曲假唱。
He was miming something at me across the pub.   他在酒吧的另一头对着我做口型想告诉我甚么。



★☆☆   mime artist 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person who performs mime in a theatre or film    默剧表演艺术家，默剧演员



★☆☆   mimetic
—————————————————
UK adjective specialized 
■using mime    模仿的
The actors have to rely on their mimetic skills.   演员必须依靠他们的模仿技巧。



★☆☆   mimic
—————————————————
verb transitive (mimicking, mimicked, mimicked)
■to copy the way in which a particular person usually speaks and moves, usually in order to make people laugh 
  （为逗乐而）模仿，学…的样子
She was mimicking the various people in our office.   她在学我们办公室里各人的样子。noun countable 
■a person who can copy the sounds or movements of other people    善于模仿的人
She's a brilliant mimic.   她非常擅长模仿。



★☆☆   mimosa
—————————————————
UK noun countable    US for 
■buck's fizz 



★☆☆   min. 
—————————————————
noun 
TIME  时间  
countable written abbreviation for 
■minute (TIME) 
Cooking time required: 30-35 mins.   烹调时间需要30至35分钟。noun 
SMALLEST  最小的  
countable usually singular written abbreviation for 
■minimum , used in notices, advertisements, etc 
  （用于布告、广告等中）最小量，最低额，最低限度
Holiday cottage: min. stay 3 days.   渡假小别墅：最少租住3天。



★☆☆   minaret
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a tall thin tower on or near a mosque (= Muslim holy building) from which Muslims are called to pray 
  （清真寺的）宣礼塔



★☆☆   mince
—————————————————
noun uncountable UK (US ground beef) 
■meat, usually beef , which has been cut up into very small pieces    剁碎的（牛）肉，（牛）肉末verb 
WALK  走  
intransitive 
■to walk in an artificial way, with small delicate steps    假斯文地迈着小步走
He minced across the room in a pair of tight pink trousers.   他穿着紧身粉红色裤子，扭扭捏捏地迈着小步穿过那个房间。verb 
MEAT  肉  
transitive 
■to cut meat, or other food, into very small pieces, sometimes using a special machine    切碎，剁碎，绞碎
Mince two pounds of chicken finely.   把两磅鸡肉细细剁碎。verb 
not mince (your) words 
■to say what you mean clearly and directly, even if you upset people by doing this    直截了当地说，直言不讳
The report does not mince words, describing the situation as 'ludicrous'.   这篇报道没有婉转措辞，而是直接把事态描述为“荒唐”。



★☆☆   minced
—————————————————
adjective (US usually ground) 
■(especially of meat) having been cut up into very small pieces 
  （尤指肉）切碎的，剁细的
minced beef/lamb/onions   牛肉／羊肉／洋葱末



★☆☆   mincemeat
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a sweet, spicy mixture of small pieces of apple, dried fruit and nuts, (but not meat), which is often eaten at Christmas in mince pies 
  （由切碎的苹果、干果及坚果混合而成，常用作圣诞节的百果馅饼的）甜馅，百果馅noun uncountable 
make mincemeat of sb informal 
■to defeat someone very easily in an argument, competition or fight    彻底击败，完全驳倒（某人）
A decent lawyer would have made mincemeat of them in court.   要是一个像样的律师早就在法庭上把他们驳得体无完肤了。



★☆☆   mince pie 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a covered pastry case filled with mincemeat    甜馅饼，百果馅饼



★☆☆   mincer
—————————————————
UK noun countable UK (US usually meat grinder) 
■a machine for cutting food, especially meat, into small pieces    绞碎机；（尤指）绞肉机



★☆☆   mincing
—————————————————
adjective 
SPEAK  说话  
■describes a way of speaking that is too delicate and not direct enough    故作斯文的，拐弯抹角的
She found herself irritated by the interviewer's mincing way of asking questions.   她感到自己被采访者装模作样的提问方式激怒了。adjective 
WALK  走路  
■describes an artificial way of walking with small delicate steps    矫揉造作的，忸怩作态的（小碎步）
He took short, mincing steps.   他迈着小碎步。



★☆☆   mind
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the part of a person that makes it possible for a person to think, feel emotions and understand things    头脑；大脑
Her mind was full of what had happened the night before, and she just wasn't concentrating.   她脑海里满是前一天晚上所发生的事情，根本无法集中精神。
Of course I'm telling the truth - you've got such a suspicious mind!   我当然是在说实话——你太疑神疑鬼了！
I just said the first thing that came into my mind.   我只是想到甚么就说甚么。
I'm not quite clear in my mind about what I'm doing.   我没太意识到自己在做甚么。
■a very clever person    聪明人，有才智的人
She was one of the most brilliant minds of the last century.   她是上世纪才智最为出众的人物之一。
all in the/ your mind 
■describes a problem that does not exist and is only imagined    全是心理作用的；只是凭空想像的
His doctor tried to convince him that he wasn't really ill and that it was all in the mind.   医生努力想让他相信他其实没有生病，只是心理作用罢了。
bear/keep sth in mind 
■to remember a piece of information when you are making a decision or thinking about a matter    记住
Bearing in mind how young she is, I thought she did really well.   别忘了她年纪是那么小，我认为她做得很棒了。
Of course, repair work is expensive and you have to keep that in mind.   当然，维修费很昂贵，你必须记住这一点。
go over sth in your mind (also turn sth over in your mind) 
■to think repeatedly about an event that has happened    反覆思考
She would go over the accident again and again in her mind, wishing that she could somehow have prevented it.   她不断地想起那次意外，希望当时要是能做点甚么来避免就好了。noun countable 
be bored/drunk, etc. out of your mind informal 
■to be extremely bored/drunk, etc.    非常厌烦／喝得烂醉noun countable 
be of sound/unsound mind legal 
■to not be mentally ill/to be mentally ill    心智健全／精神失常noun countable 
be of the same mind (also be of one mind) 
■to have the same opinion    意见一致，想法相同
We're of the same mind on most political issues.   在大多数政治问题上我们意见一致。noun countable 
bring/call sth to mind 
■to remember something    想起，记起
I can see his face, but I just can't bring his name to mind.   我能认出他的脸，只是我记不起他的名字了。noun countable 
get your mind round something 
■to succeed in understanding something difficult or strange    弄懂（复杂或奇怪的事）
I find it hard to get my mind round such complex issues.   我发现自己很难弄懂这样复杂的问题。noun countable 
get sth out of your mind 
■to make yourself stop thinking about something    忘掉，不再去想
I can't get that dreadful moment/image out of my mind.   我忘不了那可怕的一刻／景象。noun countable 
have sth on your mind 
■to be worrying about something    有心事；牵挂；担心
Paul's got a lot on his mind at the moment.   保罗此刻心事重重。noun countable 
have a mind of its own mainly humorous 
■A machine or other object can be said to have a mind of its own if it seems to be controlling the way it behaves or moves, independently of the person using it 
  （机器或其他物品）有主见，自行其事
This shopping trolley has a mind of its own.   这辆购物手推车自己还挺有主意的。noun countable 
have half a mind /a good mind to do sth 
■to think that you might do something, often because something has annoyed you    可能会做…／真想做…
I've a good mind to go without him if he's going to be such a bore!   如果他这么令人厌烦，我真不想让他一起去。noun countable 
have something in mind 
■to have a plan or intention    想好，考虑到
Did you have anything in mind for Helen's present?   你想好为海伦准备甚么礼物了吗？noun countable 
in your mind's eye 
■in your imagination or memory    在（某人）脑海中；在（某人）记忆里
In my mind's eye, she remains a little girl of six although she's actually a grown woman.   尽管实际上她已是成年女子，但在我的心目中她仍是个六岁的小女孩。noun countable 
a load / weight off your mind 
■when a problem which has been worrying you stops or is dealt with    卸下了思想上的重负，放下了心头大石
I'm so relieved that I don't have to do the after-dinner speech - it's such a weight off my mind!   饭后不必作演讲使我舒了一口长气——我终于放下了心头大石！noun countable 
make up your mind (also make your mind up)  ADVANCED  
■to decide    下定决心，打定主意
I haven't made up my mind where to go yet.   我还没打定主意去哪里。noun countable 
your mind is a blank/goes blank 
■When your mind is a blank/goes blank, you cannot remember a particular thing, or you cannot remember anything    脑海里一片空白；记不起
I tried to remember her name, but my mind went a complete blank.   我努力想记起她的名字，但脑袋里一片空白。noun countable 
your mind is on sth 
■When your mind is on something, you think about it or give attention to it    心思在…上
I couldn't concentrate on my work - my mind was on other things.   我无法集中精神工作——我的心思在别的事情上。
My mind wasn't on what he was saying, so I'm afraid I missed half of it.   我的心思并不在他所说的话上，所以恐怕漏听了一半的内容。noun countable 
mind over matter 
■the power of the mind to control and influence the body and the physical world generally    精神高于物质
He announced what he called 'the ultimate test of mind over matter' - a woman walking over hot coals.   他宣布将进行他称为“精神高于物质的终极测试”——让一名女子在炙热的炭火上行走。noun countable 
out of your mind 
■unable to behave or deal with things normally because something has made you very worried, unhappy or angry 
  （因忧虑、不高兴或愤怒而）精神错乱，发狂
She was out of her mind with grief.   她因悲伤而精神错乱。
I'd go out of my mind if I had to do her job all day!   要是让我整天做她的工作，我会发疯的！    informal 
■extremely stupid or mentally ill    犯傻的；发疯的
You must be out of your mind paying £200 for one night in a hotel!   花200英镑在饭店住一晚，你一定是发疯了！noun countable 
put you in mind of sth 
■to cause you to remember something    使（某人）想起
The mention of skiing holidays put me in mind of a travelogue that I saw last week.   提到滑雪假期使我想起上周看过的一部旅行纪录片。noun countable 
put sth out of your mind 
■to force yourself not to think about something    把…忘掉，把…抛诸脑后
It's over, put it out of your mind.   一切都结束了，把它忘掉吧。noun countable 
set / put sb's mind at rest / ease 
■to stop someone from worrying about something    让（某人）放心，使（某人）安心
Chris phoned to say they'd arrived safely, so that really put my mind at rest.   克里斯打电话来说他们已经安全抵达，这下子我真的放心了。noun countable 
set/put your mind to sth 
■to decide you are going to do something and to put a lot of effort into doing it    决心要，一心想
If you'd just put your mind to it, I'm sure you could do it.   如果你一心一意的去做，我肯定你能完成。noun countable 
sb's state/frame of mind 
■the way someone feels about their life or situation at the moment 
  （某人）的精神状态
He's in a much more positive state/frame of mind these days.   近来他的精神状态好多了。noun countable 
take sb's mind off sth 
■to stop you from worrying or thinking about a problem or pain, often by forcing you to think about other things    使（某人）暂时忘记（忧虑之事）；转移（某人）对（问题、疼痛等）的注意
The good thing about running is that it takes my mind off any problems I've got.   跑步的好处在于它能使我暂时忘记自己遇到的问题。noun countable 
to my mind 
■in my opinion    我认为，在我看来
He's got pink walls and a green carpet, which to my mind looks all wrong.   他把墙壁刷成了粉红色，铺了一块绿色的地毯，我觉得这根本不相配。verb 
OPPOSE  反对  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■(used in questions and negatives) to be annoyed or worried by something 
  （用于疑问句和否定句）介意，反对
Do you think he'd mind if I borrowed his book?   你认为他会介意我借他的书吗？
[+ -ing verb] I don't mind having a dog in the house so long as it's clean.   我不反对房里有只狗，只要它干净就行了。
informal I wouldn't mind (= I would like) something to eat, actually.   其实我不介意吃点东西。
Would you mind turning (= Please would you turn) your radio down a little please?   请你将收音机的声音调小一些好吗？
Do you mind if (= May) I put the television on?   你介意我打开电视吗？
[+ obj + -ing verb] Do you mind me smoking ?   我抽烟你介意吗？
[+ question word] I don't mind wh at you wear so long as it's not that awful pink shirt.   你穿甚么我都不介意，只要不是那件难看的粉红色衬衫就好了。
I'd prefer to stay in tonight, if you don't mind.   如果你不反对，今晚我宁愿呆在家中。
mainly UK "Would you like tea or coffee?" "I don't mind - either."   “你喝茶还是咖啡？”“随便──都可以。”
Do you mind? 
■said to someone when you feel annoyed with them for what they have just done or said 
  （对某人的言行表示恼火）你怎么回事？你别这样好不好？
Do you mind? That's my seat you're sitting on!   你怎么回事？你坐了我的座位！
■


mind 1	  Common Learner Errors   mind
Remember: mind is usually followed by a verb in the -ing form.   Don't say 'mind to do something', say mind doing something :
✗ Would you mind to send me an up-to-date catalogue?   Would you mind sending me an up-to-date catalogue?verb 
BE CAREFUL  小心  
 ADVANCED  transitive mainly UK 
■to be careful of, or give attention to something    小心，当心；注意
[+ (that)] Mind that box - the bottom isn't very strong.   小心那个盒子——盒底不是很牢固。
Mind (that) you don't bang your head on the shelf when you stand up.   站起来时小心头别撞到架子上。
Mind (= Make certain that) you take enough money with you.   确保一定要带上足够的钱。
old-fashioned Mind your language (= Don't use swear words) , young lady!   注意你的措辞，小姐！
Mind (out)! mainly UK 
■used to tell someone to move or be careful, or to warn them of danger    当心！
Mind out! We're coming through with the stretcher.   当心！我们正抬着担架走过来。
'Hey, mind!' he said when she trod on his foot.   当她踩到他的脚时，他说：“嘿，小心点！”
Mind out for falling rocks on this part of the trail.   走这段小路时要当心落石。
mind how you go mainly UK UK informal 
■said when you say goodbye to someone, meaning 'take care' 
  （道别用语）您慢走，您走好verb 
TAKE CARE OF  照顾  
transitive 
■to take care of someone or something    照料，照顾；看管
She asked me if I'd mind the children for an hour while she went shopping.   她问我她去买东西时我能否照顾孩子一个小时。
Could you mind my bag for a moment while I go to the toilet?   我去洗手间时你能看管一下我的袋子吗？verb 
don't mind me 
■said to tell someone who is in the same room as you not to pay any attention to you, because you do not want to interrupt what they are doing    不用管我，当我不在眼前好了
Don't mind me - I'm just sorting out some files here.   不用管我——我只是在这里整理些档。verb 
I don't mind if I do 
■said to politely accept an offer of food or drink 
  （用于礼貌地接受）可以吃点，可以喝些
"There's plenty more cake if you'd like another piece." "I don't mind if I do."   “如果你想再吃一块，这里还有很多蛋糕呢。”“那我就不客气了。”verb 
if you don't mind me saying 
■used as a polite way to begin a criticism 
  （用于礼貌地提出批评）如果你不介意我说
If you don't mind me saying (so), I think the curry could be a little hotter next time.   如果你不介意的话，我认为下次煮咖喱不妨煮得更辣一点。verb 
mind (you) 
■used when you want to make what you have just said sound less strong 
  （用于缓和刚才说过的话）尽管如此，不过嘛，请注意
He's very untidy about the house; mind you, I'm not much better.   他很不注意房子的整洁，不过呢，我也不比他好多少。
I know I'm lazy - I did go swimming yesterday, mind.   我知道我很懒——可我昨天确实去游泳了。verb 
mind your own business (abbreviation MYOB) informal mainly humorous 
■used to tell someone in a rude way that you do not want them to ask about something private    多管闲事，管好你自己的事
"Where have you been?" "Mind your own business!"   “你去哪里了？”“多管闲事！”verb 
mind your p's and q's old-fashioned 
■to make an effort to be especially polite in a particular situation    注意自己的言谈举止
I have to mind my p's and q's when I'm with my grandmother.   和我祖母在一起时，我不得不特别注意自己的言谈举止。



★☆☆   mind-altering
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes a drug that has a strong influence on a person's mental state, causing feelings of extreme happiness and making people consider things in an unusual way 
  （毒品）麻痹神经的，致幻的



★☆☆   mind-blowing
—————————————————
UK adjective slang 
■extremely exciting or surprising    令人印象深刻的；令人惊奇的
The special effects in this film are pretty mind-blowing.   这部电影的特技效果令人惊奇。



★☆☆   mind-boggling
—————————————————
UK adjective informal 
■extremely surprising and difficult to understand or imagine    令人难以想像的；十分惊人的
She was paid the mind-boggling sum of ten million pounds for that film.   那部电影她的片酬竟达千万英镑的天文数字。



★☆☆   minder
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who protects another person, often a famous person, from danger and unwanted public attention    随护人员，保镖
The President arrived surrounded by his minders.   总统在保镖的簇拥下到达了。
■someone who controls what another person says and does    控制者（控制某人言行的人）
His public-relations minder refused to allow him to answer any of the journalists' questions.   他的公关顾问不容许他回答记者的任何提问。



★☆☆   mindful
—————————————————
adjective formal 
■careful not to forget about something    记着的；留神的；注意的；小心的
Mindful of the poor road conditions, she reduced her speed to 30 mph.   考虑到路况很差，她将时速减到30英里。
Politicians are increasingly mindful that young voters are turning away from traditional parties.   政治家都越发注意到年轻的选民与传统党派间的距离越来越远。



★☆☆   mindless
—————————————————
adjective disapproving 
■stupid and meaning nothing    没头脑的，愚蠢的；盲目的
The film is full of mindless violence.   这部电影充斥着无谓的暴力。
pop songs with mindless lyrics   歌词空洞无物的流行歌曲
■not needing much mental effort    无需动脑筋的
I'm afraid it's fairly mindless work - opening mail and keying data into a computer.   恐怕这项工作基本上不用动脑筋——查看邮件，将资料输入电脑。



★☆☆   mind map 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a spidergram    蜘蛛线图



★☆☆   mind-numbing
—————————————————
adjective 
■extremely boring    极其乏味的，非常枯燥的
a mind-numbing task   枯燥乏味的工作



★☆☆   mind reader 
—————————————————
noun countable mainly humorous 
■a person who knows another person's thoughts without being told them    能看透他人心思的人
Why didn't you tell me you weren't happy with the situation? - I'm not a mind reader, you know!   为甚么不告诉我你对这个情况不满意？——你知道我又不会读心术！



★☆☆   mindset
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a person's way of thinking and their opinions    思想倾向；思维方式；观念模式
to have a different/the same mindset   有不同／相同的思维方式
It's extraordinary how hard it is to change the mindset of the public and the press.   要改变公众和媒体的思维模式是极度困难的。



★☆☆   mine
—————————————————
pronoun 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the one(s) belonging to or connected with me    我的（所有物）；属于我的（东西）；与我有关的（人）
"Whose bag is this?" "It's mine."   “这是谁的袋子？”“是我的。”
Your son is the same age as mine.   你儿子的年纪和我儿子一样大。
She's an old friend of mine.   她是我的一个老朋友。noun countable 
HOLE  洞  
 ESSENTIAL  
■a hole or system of holes in the ground made for the removal of substances such as coal, metal, and salt by digging    矿，矿井
a coal/salt/gold mine   煤／盐／金矿
a mine shaft   矿井
My grandfather used to work in/ UKdown the mines.   我祖父以前在矿井里工作。noun countable 
BOMB  炸弹  
 IMPROVER  
■a type of bomb put below the earth or in the sea which explodes when vehicles, ships or people go over it    地雷；水雷
He was killed when his tank ran over a mine.   他的坦克触到地雷，他被炸死了。
The US forces were clearing the surrounding area of mines.   美国部队正在清除周围地区的地雷。
⇨ See also landminenoun countable 
a mine of information 
■someone who has a lot of knowledge 
  （指人）资讯宝藏，知识宝库verb 
DIG  开采  
intransitive or transitive 
■to dig coal or another substance out of the ground    采，开采（煤等）
They're mining for salt.   他们正在采盐。
They mine a lot of copper around these parts.   他们在这里周围开采出许多铜。verb 
BOMB  布雷  
transitive often passive 
■to place or hide mines in an area of land or sea    布雷于
The desert was heavily mined.   这片沙漠地雷密布。verb 
mine a rich seam of sth literary 
■to take advantage of a strong feeling or quality in a particular situation    利用（特殊情境下的强烈情感或素质）
Polidori, the right-wing politician, is mining a rich seam of fear and prejudice.   右翼政客波里杜利正在利用人们的强烈恐惧和偏见。determiner old use 
■used in the past instead of 'my' before nouns that begin with a vowel or h    一度用在以母音或h开头的名词前，代替my使用
mine eyes   我的眼睛
mine host   我的主人



★☆☆   mine detector 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a device which is used to discover whether there are mines (= bombs) in a particular area    探雷器



★☆☆   minefield
—————————————————
noun countable 
BOMBS  炸弹  
■an area of land or water which contains mines (= bombs)    雷区noun countable 
PROBLEMS  难题  
■a situation or subject which is very complicated and full of hidden problems and dangers 
  （雷区似的）危险形势；隐藏着问题和危险的事物
a legal minefield   法律上的严峻局面
a minefield of ethical problems   道德问题泛滥的境况



★☆☆   miner
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a person who works in a mine    矿工
a coal miner   煤矿工



★☆☆   mineral
—————————————————
noun 
SUBSTANCE  物质  
countable 
■a valuable or useful chemical substance which is formed naturally in the ground    矿物
countable 
■a chemical that your body needs to stay healthy 
  （人体所需的）矿物质
A healthy diet should supply all necessary vitamins and minerals.   健康的饮食应该提供所有必要的维生素和矿物质。
a mineral supplement   补充的矿物质noun 
DRINK  饮料  
minerals 
[plural] UK old-fashioned 
■cold sweet fizzy (= with bubbles) drinks without alcohol    无酒精而味甜的泡腾冷饮；汽水adjective 
■being or consisting of a mineral or minerals    矿物的；含矿物的，有矿物质的
a mineral deposit (= substance or layer that is left)   矿层
The speaker emphasized that much of South Africa's importance lay in its mineral wealth.   发言者强调说南非的重要性很大程度上源于其丰富的矿藏。



★☆☆   mineralogist
—————————————————
noun countable 
■someone who studies minerals    矿物学家



★☆☆   mineralogy
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the scientific study of minerals    矿物学



★☆☆   mineral oil 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■an oil obtained from petroleum    矿物油（提炼自石油）



★☆☆   mineral water 
—————————————————
noun uncountable (US also bottled water) 
 ADVANCED  
■natural water from underground, containing dissolved minerals which are believed to be good for your health    矿泉水
still/carbonated mineral water   无汽／碳酸矿泉水



★☆☆   minestrone (soup)
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■a type of Italian soup containing a mixture of vegetables and pasta 
  （义大利式）蔬菜浓汤



★☆☆   minesweeper
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a ship that is used to discover if mines (= bombs) are present and to remove them from the sea    扫雷舰



★☆☆   minger
—————————————————
noun countable UK slang 
■an ugly person, especially a woman    丑陋的人（尤指女人）



★☆☆   minging
—————————————————
adjective UK slang 
SMELL  气味  
■smelling bad    发臭的
You're minging, mate! Go and take a shower.   你身上都臭哄哄的，老兄！去洗个澡吧。adjective UK slang 
UGLY  丑陋的  
■ugly    丑陋的
Man, she was minging!   伙计，她长得太丑了！



★☆☆   mingle
—————————————————
verb 
MIX  混合  
intransitive or transitive 
■to mix or combine, or be mixed or combined 
  （使）混合；（使）相混
The excitement of starting a new job is always mingled with a certain apprehension.   刚开始一份新工作时，兴奋中总是掺杂着一点担忧。
The two flavours mingle well.   两种味道混合在一起十分搭配。verb 
BE WITH  和…在一起  
intransitive 
■to move around and talk to other people at a social event 
  （在社交场合）相交往，相往来
You've been talking to Roger all evening - you really ought to be mingling with the other guests.   你整晚都和罗杰说话——你真的该和其他客人聊聊。



★☆☆   mingy
—————————————————
adjective informal 
■not generous and unwilling to give money    吝啬的，小气的
I only gave five dollars towards his present - do you think that was a bit mingy?   买礼物给他我只出了五美元——你认为是不是有点太小气了？
■describes an amount that is smaller than you would like 
  （数量）少得可怜的
I hate that restaurant - they give you really mingy portions.   我不喜欢那家餐厅——他们的食物份量都少得可怜。



★☆☆   Mini
—————————————————
noun countable trademark 
■a type of small British car especially popular in the 1960s 
  （20世纪60年代在英国尤为流行的）迷你汽车



★☆☆   mini
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a miniskirt 



★☆☆   mini-
—————————————————
prefix 
■smaller or less important than a normal example of the same thing 
  （同类中）小型的，重要性较低的
There's a mini-library in each classroom, as well as the central library.   除中央图书馆外，每个教室还有一个小的阅览角。
We took the kids to play mini-golf.   我们带着孩子去打迷你高尔夫球。



★☆☆   miniature
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■describes something which is a very small copy of an object    微型的；小型的；微小的
I bought some miniature furniture for my niece's dolls' house.   我为我侄女的玩具屋买了一些模型家俱模型。UK noun countable 
PAINTING  画  
■a very small painting, usually of a person    微型画；小画像UK noun countable 
ALCOHOLIC DRINK  酒精饮料  
■a very small bottle of alcoholic drink    小瓶装的酒UK noun countable 
in miniature 
■smaller than usual    缩小的；微型的
He's made a model of our village, with all the buildings and roads in miniature.   他做了个我们村庄的模型，里面有所有建筑物和道路的缩微景观。



★☆☆   miniaturization
—————————————————
(UK usually miniaturisation) UK noun uncountable 
■the process of making something very small using modern technology    小型化，微型化
The silicon chip is a classic example of the benefits of miniaturization.   硅晶片是实现微型化所带来的裨益的一个经典例子。



★☆☆   mini-bar
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a small fridge in a hotel bedroom, with drinks inside    迷你吧（饭店客房内放有饮料的小冰箱）



★☆☆   mini-break
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a very short holiday    短假
Winners of the competition will win a three-night mini-break in Paris.   比赛的胜出者可以赢得巴黎的三晚假期。



★☆☆   minibus
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small bus in which there are seats for about ten people    小型公共汽车；中巴



★☆☆   minicab
—————————————————
noun countable UK 
■a taxi which can only be called by telephone and which does not stop to collect passengers in the street 
  （须电话预订并且不能自行揽客的）小型计程车



★☆☆   minicam
—————————————————
noun countable mainly US 
■a type of small video camera often used by television news reporters    小型摄像机



★☆☆   MiniDisc
—————————————————
noun countable trademark 
■a very small plastic disc on which high-quality sound, especially music, is recorded 
  （尤指用于储存音乐的）迷你光碟，小型光碟



★☆☆   minim
—————————————————
noun countable UK specialized (US usually half note) 
■a musical note with a time value equal to two crochets or half a semibreve    二分音符



★☆☆   minimal
—————————————————
adjective 
■very small in amount    极小的；极少的
There were no injuries and damage to the building was minimal.   没有人受伤，建筑物的损坏也极小。



★☆☆   minimalist
—————————————————
adjective 
SIMPLE  简单的  
■belonging or relating to a style in art, design and theatre that uses the smallest range of materials and colours possible, and only very simple shapes or forms    极简抽象派艺术的，极简抽象派风格的，简约主义的
minimalist painting   极简抽象艺术派画作
The set for the ballet is minimalist - white walls and a chair.   这场芭蕾舞的布景极为简约——白墙和一张椅子。adjective 
NOT DOING MUCH  不行动的  
■taking or showing as little action and involvement in a situation as possible 
  （行动或干预）尽量少的
the party's minimalist approach to economic policy   这个党派的最低限度干预的经济政策noun countable 
■an artist or designer who uses a minimalist style    极简抽象派艺术家（或设计师）



★☆☆   minimize
—————————————————
(UK usually minimise) ['m&#x26A;n.&#x26A;.ma&#x26A;z]
verb transitive 
■to reduce something to the least possible level or amount    使降到最低限度；使减到最少
We must minimize the risk of infection.   我们必须将感染的风险降到最低。
Environmentalists are doing everything within their power to minimize the impact of the oil spill.   环保人士正竭尽全力把石油外溢造成的影响减到最少。    Opposite maximize 
■to make something seem less important or smaller than it really is    对…轻描淡写，有意淡化
She accused the government of minimizing the suffering of thousands of people.   她指责政府对成千上万的人所受的疾苦轻描淡写。
It's important to focus on your strengths and to minimize your weaknesses.   扬长避短是很重要的。



★☆☆   minimum
—————————————————
 (written abbreviation min.) 
noun countable usually singular (plural minimums or specialized minima)
 ESSENTIAL  
■the smallest amount or number allowed or possible    最小值；最少量；最低限度
Wage increases are being kept to a minimum because of the recession.   由于经济衰退，工资增长的幅度被保持在最低水准。
She hoped that her fiftieth birthday would pass with the minimum of fuss.   她希望她的50岁生日能尽量安安静静地度过。
We need a minimum of ten people to play this game.   玩这个游戏我们至少需要十个人。    Opposite maximum (written abbreviation min.) 
adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  
■describes something that is the smallest or least allowed or possible    最低的，最小的，最低限度的
This certificate is the minimum qualification required to teach English in most language schools.   大多数语言学校都把这张证书定为入职英语教师必需具备的最低学历资格。
Eighteen is the minimum age for entering most nightclubs.   大多数夜总会只招待18岁或以上的人士。 (written abbreviation min.) 
adverb 
 ADVANCED  
■at the least    至少
She reckons that you should do three exercise classes a week minimum to get any of the benefits.   她认为你应该每周参加至少三次健身课程才能有点锻炼效果。



★☆☆   mining
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■the industry or activity of removing substances such as coal or metal from the ground by digging    采矿；矿业
coal/salt mining   煤／盐矿业



★☆☆   minion
—————————————————
noun countable usually disapproving 
■a person who only exists in order to do what another person orders them to do    奴才；仆从
He sent one of his minions to do something about it.   他派其中一个仆从去处理那件事。



★☆☆   minipill
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a type of pill containing only progesterone which women can take every day to prevent them from becoming pregnant when they have sex    口服避孕丸



★☆☆   miniscule
—————————————————
adjective 
■a common spelling of minuscule that is not correct 
  （minuscule 的一种常见错误拼法）



★☆☆   mini-series
—————————————————
UK noun countable (plural mini-series)
■a programme or play divided into several different parts which is broadcast on television over a short period of time    电视系列短片（或连续短剧）



★☆☆   miniskirt
—————————————————
UK noun countable (also mini) 
■a very short skirt    迷你裙；超短裙



★☆☆   minister
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
POLITICIAN  政治家  
 IMPROVER  
■a member of the government in Britain and many other countries who is in charge of a particular department or has an important position in it    部长；大臣
the foreign/health minister   外交／卫生部长
the Minister of/for Education   教育部长UK noun countable 
PRIEST  牧师  
 ADVANCED  
■a priest in particular parts of the Christian church    牧师
a minister at the local Baptist church   本地浸信会教堂的牧师UK noun countable 
COUNTRY'S REPRESENTATIVE  国家的代表     specialized 
■a person below the rank of ambassador whose job is to represent his or her country in a foreign country    公使；外交使节
the Belgian minister in Madrid   比利时驻马德里公使UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   minister to sb 
■to give help to or care for people, for example people who are ill    给予（某人）帮助；照料（病人等）
formal The priest ministers to his flock (= the people who go to his church).   牧师对他的教徒给予关爱。
humorous I spent most of the morning ministering to my sick husband.   我上午的大部分时间都在照顾生病的丈夫。




★☆☆   ministerial
—————————————————
UK adjective 
POLITICIAN  政治家  
■relating to or involving a minister (= senior member of parliament)    部长（或大臣）的；和部长（或大臣）有关的
ministerial responsibilities   部长的职责
a high-level ministerial meeting   高级部长会议UK adjective 
COUNTRY'S REPRESENTATIVE  国家代表  
■relating to or involving a minister (= country's representative abroad)    公使（或外交使节）的；和公使（或外交使节）有关的
He reached ministerial level in the Diplomatic Service.   他在外交部门的职衔达到了公使级别。



★☆☆   ministering angel
—————————————————
UK noun countable UK humorous 
■a very kind woman who takes care of people who are ill    救死扶伤的天使，看守天使



★☆☆   ministrations
—————————————————
plural noun formal 
■acts of helping or looking after people or providing for the needs of people    帮助；照料
In her last difficult years, she relied on the careful ministrations of her beloved husband.   在她最后的艰难岁月里，她靠的是她深爱的丈夫的悉心照料。
humorous That plant seems to be dying in spite of all my ministrations.   不管我怎么细心照顾，那株植物看起来还是快要死去的样子。



★☆☆   ministry
—————————————————
noun 
GOVERNMENT DEPARTMENT  政府部门  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■a department of the government led by a minister 
  （政府的）部
the Ministry of Defence/Agriculture   国防／农业部noun 
PRIEST'S WORK  牧师职责  
uncountable 
■work as a minister    牧师职责
He practised a preaching and teaching ministry there for over 40 years.   他在那里当了40多年的传教和教学牧师。
the ministry 
■the job of being a priest, in some parts of the Christian Church    牧师职位
In 1985 he decided to go into/leave the ministry.   他在1985年决定当牧师／辞去牧师职务。



★☆☆   mini-system
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a very small set of electronic equipment for playing recorded sound, usually including a CD player and a tape deck    小型音响



★☆☆   minivan
—————————————————
noun countable US (UK _people ^carrier) 
■a large, high car which can carry more people than a normal car    小客车



★☆☆   mink
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a small animal with valuable fur which is used to make expensive coats, or the fur from this animal    鼬，水貂
a mink coat   貂皮大衣



★☆☆   minnow
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
FISH  鱼  
■a very small fish found in lakes and rivers    米诺鱼；鲦鱼UK noun countable 
PERSON/ORGANIZATION  人／机构     literary 
■an organization or person that is not important and has little influence or power    微不足道的机构（或人）



★☆☆   minor
—————————————————
UK adjective 
UNIMPORTANT  不重要的  
 IMPROVER  
■having little importance, influence or effect, especially when compared with other things of the same type    较不重要的；次要的；轻微的
a minor operation   小手术
It's only a minor problem.   那只是个小问题。
There's been an increase in minor offences , such as traffic violations and petty theft.   轻微的违法活动有所增加，如违反交通规则、小偷小摸等。
She suffered only minor injuries.   她只是受了轻伤。
It requires a few minor adjustments.   需要作几处小的调整。
a minor poet of the 16th-century   16世纪一位不太知名的诗人    Compare majorUK adjective 
MUSIC  音乐  
■belonging or relating to a type of musical scale that generally has a sad sound, typically having a half tone between the second and third and between the fifth and sixth notes, and a whole tone between each of the others    小调的；小音阶的
The piece is written in a minor key.   这是一首用小调谱写的乐曲。
Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 20 in D minor.   莫札特的第20号D小调钢琴协奏曲    Compare majorUK noun countable legal 
■someone who is too young to have the legal responsibilities of an adult    未成年人
He was accused of having sex with a minor.   他被指控与一名未成年人发生性关系。



★☆☆   minority
—————————————————
UK noun 
SMALL PART  小部分  
 IMPROVER  only singular 
■a smaller number or part    少数
It's only a tiny minority of people who are causing the problem.   惹麻烦的只是极少数的人。
Children with single parents at my school were very much in the minority (= there were very few).   在我的学校里单亲孩子只占极少数。
This section of the bookstore caters for minority interests (= subjects that interest only a few people).   书店的这个专柜主要满足少数读者的兴趣。    Opposite majorityUK noun 
PEOPLE  人  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■any small group in society that is different from the rest because of their race, religion or political beliefs, or a person who belongs to such a group    少数民族；少数派；少数民族人士；少数派人士
ethnic/religious minorities   少数民族／宗教少数派
The plan was designed to help women and minorities overcome discrimination in the workplace.   这项计划旨在帮助女性和少数群体克服在工作场所受到的歧视。UK noun 
be in a minority of one 
■to be the only person who has your opinion    是唯一持不同意见者；得不到任何人的支持



★☆☆   minster
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■used in Britain in the name of a large or important church    大教堂
York Minster   约克大教堂



★☆☆   minstrel
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a travelling musician and singer common between the 11th and 15th centuries 
  （11至15世纪的）吟游乐师，吟游歌手
a wandering minstrel   到处流浪的吟游歌手



★☆☆   mint
—————————————————
noun 
PLANT  植物  
 ADVANCED  uncountable 
■a herb whose leaves have a strong fresh smell and taste and are used for giving flavour to food    薄荷
a sprig of mint   薄荷枝
mint-flavoured gum/toothpaste   薄荷味的口香糖／牙膏
 ADVANCED  countable 
■a sweet with a mint flavour    薄荷糖
a packet of extra-strong mints   一包特浓薄荷糖
after-dinner chocolate mints   餐后巧克力薄荷糖noun 
MONEY  金钱  
countable 
■a place where the new coins of a country are made    铸币厂
only singular informal 
■an extremely large amount of money    巨额款项
If his books sell in the States, he'll make a mint.   如果他的书在美国销量理想的话，他会赚一大笔钱。adjective [before noun] 
■describes stamps and coins, etc. which have not been used 
  （邮票、硬币等）簇新的
A collector would pay $500 for a mint copy.   收藏家会愿意花500美元买一套簇新版。
in mint condition 
■perfect, as if new 
  （好像）新的；完美的
CD player, in mint condition - £50.   完好无缺的CD播放机——50英镑。verb transitive 
COIN  硬币  
■to produce a coin for the government    铸造（硬币）verb transitive 
STH NEW  创新  
■to produce something new, especially to invent a new phrase or word    创造（尤指新词语）
a freshly minted slogan/phrase   新设计的口号／新创的短语
newly minted college graduates   刚毕业的大学生



★☆☆   mint julep 
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable mainly US 
■an alcoholic drink containing whisky, crushed ice, sugar and pieces of mint    薄荷朱利酒（威士卡加冰块、糖及薄荷片调成的酒精饮料）



★☆☆   mint sauce 
—————————————————
noun uncountable mainly UK (US usually mint jelly) 
■a sauce which is often served with lamb , made of vinegar, sugar and mint cut into very small pieces    薄荷酱（用剁碎的薄荷叶调以醋和糖制成，常用于吃羊肉时）



★☆☆   minus
—————————————————
preposition 
 ADVANCED  
■reduced by a stated number    减（去）
What is 57 minus 39?   57减39是多少？
That will be £1500, minus the deposit of £150 that you have already paid.   减去你已付的150英镑的订金，那就是1500英镑。    Compare plus    informal 
■without; lacking    没有，缺少
We're minus a chair for Ian - could you get one from the other room?   我们没有椅子给伊恩坐了——你能从另一个房间拿一张过来吗？noun countable (plural minuses)
DISADVANTAGE  不利  
■a disadvantage or a bad feature    缺点；不利条件
Having to travel such a long way to work is a definite minus.   上班的路程这么远无疑是一个不利之处。noun countable (plural minuses)
SUBTRACTION  减少     (also minus sign) 
■the - sign, written between two numbers to show that the second number should be subtracted from the first, or in front of one number to show that it has a value of less than 0    减号；负号adjective 
SUBTRACTION  减少  
[before noun] 
■A minus number or amount is less than zero. 
  （数字）负的
⇨ See also negative
[before noun] 
■used to show that temperatures are less than zero    零下的
Temperatures could fall to minus eight tonight.   今晚气温可能会下降到零下八度。
[after noun] 
■used after a mark given to written work to mean that it is of a slightly lower standard than that mark    略差一些的，稍差的
I got A minus for my English homework.   我的英语作业得了 A-。adjective 
DISADVANTAGE  不利  
[before noun] 
■describes a disadvantage or bad point    不利的；不好的
One of the minus points of working at home is not having social contact with colleagues.   在家工作的一个缺点是欠缺和同事的交往。



★☆☆   minuscule
—————————————————
adjective 
■extremely small    微小的，极小的
All she gave him to eat was two minuscule pieces of toast.   她只给他吃了两小片烤面包。



★☆☆   minute 
—————————————————
noun]ˈmɪn.ɪt/
TIME  时间  
 ESSENTIAL  countable (written abbreviation min.) 
■any of the 60 parts which an hour is divided into, consisting of 60 seconds    分，分钟
a twenty-minute bus ride   乘公车20分钟的车程
It takes me twenty minutes to get to work.   我上班路上要花20分钟。
The train leaves at three minutes to eight, so we'd better get there a few minutes before then.   火车7点57分开出，我们最好提前几分钟到。
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■used in spoken English to mean a very short time    片刻，一会儿，瞬间
Hang on/Wait a minute - I'll just get my bag.   等一下——我去拿我的袋子。
Just a minute - I'll be with you when I've finished this.   稍等一下——我做完这个就和你一起去。
I won't be a minute (= I will be ready soon).   我很快就好了。
When you've got a minute, I'd like a brief word with you.   你有空的时候我想和你说句话。noun]ˈmɪn.ɪt/
MESSAGE  资讯  
countable mainly UK formal 
■an official message from one person to another in an organization 
  （机构中的）正式通告，通知单
I've just received a minute from Jeremy authorizing the purchase of six more computers.   我刚从杰瑞米那里接到一份正式通告，批准多买六台电脑。
the minutes    [plural] 
■the written record of what was said at a meeting    议事录，会议纪录
Could you take/do (= write) the minutes, Daniel?   你能做会议纪录吗，丹尼尔？
The minutes of the last meeting were approved unanimously (= everyone agreed that they were correct).   上次开会的会议纪录得到一致通过。noun]ˈmɪn.ɪt/
ANGLE  角  
countable specialized 
■any of the 60 parts that the degrees of any angle are divided into    分（角的度量单位）noun]ˈmɪn.ɪt/
the minute (that) 
■at the exact or first moment when    一…就
The minute I saw him, I knew something was wrong.   我一见到他，就知道有些甚么不对劲了。noun]ˈmɪn.ɪt/
not for a minute 
■certainly not    根本不，一点也不
I'm not suggesting for a minute that she meant to cause any trouble.   我绝非在暗示她是有意找麻烦。noun]ˈmɪn.ɪt/
this minute 
■now or a very short time ago    现在；刚才，方才
It doesn't have to be done this minute, but at some point this week please.   不必现在就做完，但请于本周内完成。
She's just this minute left the office.   她刚离开办公室。noun]ˈmɪn.ɪt/
up-to-the-minute 
■modern    最新款的
up-to-the-minute fashion   最新流行时装
■containing all the most recent information    最新的，最近的
up-to-the-minute news   最新消息verb transitive /ˈmɪn.ɪt/
■to make a written record of what is said at a meeting    把…写进议事录，把…写进会议纪录
The chairman is minuted as having said that profits had fallen to an all-time low.   根据会议纪录，董事长说过利润已降到历史新低。



★☆☆   minute
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■extremely small    微小的，极小的
a minute amount/quantity   微量／少量
I've never seen a man with such tiny hands - they're minute!   我从没见过手长得这么小的男人——他的手太小了！
The documentary showed an eye operation in minute detail (= showing every small detail).   这部纪录片纤毫毕现地展示了一次眼科手术的过程。



★☆☆   minute hand 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■the part on a clock or watch which points to the minutes and is longer than the hour hand and thicker than the second hand 
  （钟表的）分针



★☆☆   minutely
—————————————————
UK adverb 
■very carefully, or looking at every small detail    仔细地；缜密地
to examine something minutely   仔细观察某物



★☆☆   minute steak 
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a thin slice of steak (= a type of meat especially from cows) that can be cooked very quickly    快熟薄牛排，速食牛排



★☆☆   minx
—————————————————
noun countable slightly old-fashioned usually humorous 
■a girl or young woman who knows how to control other people to her advantage    会利用他人的年轻女子；狡猾轻佻的女孩



★☆☆   miracle
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■an unusual and mysterious event that is thought to have been caused by a god, or any very surprising and unexpected event    奇迹；奇事，令人惊叹的事
[+ (that)] Looking at the state of his car, it's a miracle (that) he wasn't killed!   看看他的车的情况，他没死真是个奇迹！
I can't promise a miracle cure , but I think we can improve things.   我无法承诺会有奇迹般的解决办法，但我认为我们可以改善情况。noun countable 
perform/work miracles/a miracle informal 
■to be extremely effective in improving a situation    创造奇迹；有奇效
You've performed a miracle on this kitchen - I've never seen it so clean!   你真是创造了奇迹——我从没见过这个厨房如此干净过！



★☆☆   miraculous
—————————————————
adjective 
■very effective or surprising or difficult to believe    奇迹般的；令人惊奇的；不可思议的
The diet promised miraculous weight-loss.   有人保证说按照这个食谱进餐就会有非凡的减肥效果。
Well, you've made a miraculous recovery since last night!   哇，才一个晚上你便奇迹似地康复了！



★☆☆   mirage
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an image, produced by very hot air, of something which seems to be far away but does not really exist    海市蜃楼，蜃景，幻景
■literary 
■a hope or wish that has no chance of being achieved    幻想，妄想
Electoral victory is just a distant mirage.   选举获胜只是一个可望而不可即的美好幻景。



★☆☆   mire
—————————————————
UK noun 
WET EARTH  泥沼  
countable usually singular 
■an area of deep wet sticky earth    泥潭；沼泽；泥沼UK noun 
BAD SITUATION  困境  
only singular literary 
■an unpleasant situation which is difficult to escape    困境
We must not be drawn into the mire of civil war.   我们一定不能被拖进内战的泥潭中。



★☆☆   mired
—————————————————
UK adjective 
be/become mired (down) in something 
■to be involved in a difficult situation, especially for a long period of time    深陷…中
The peace talks are mired in bureaucracy.   和平谈判深陷于官僚主义的泥潭中。



★☆☆   mirror
—————————————————
UK noun 
GLASS  玻璃  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a piece of glass with a shiny metallic back which reflects light, producing an image of whatever is in front of it    镜，镜子
the bathroom mirror   浴室镜子
She was looking at her reflection in the mirror.   她正看着自己在镜中的影像。UK noun 
REPRESENT  呈现  
be a mirror of sth 
■to be an honest representation of something    是…的写照；是…的真实反映
The movie is a mirror of daily life in wartime Britain.   这部电影真实地反映了英国人在战时的日常生活。UK verb transitive 
■to represent something honestly    反映
Our newspaper aims to mirror the opinions of ordinary people.   我们的报纸旨在反映普通民众的意见。
■to be very similar to something    与…很相似
Her on-screen romances seem to mirror her experiences in her private life.   她在银幕上的浪漫故事似乎与她的个人经历很相似。



★☆☆   mirror image 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■something that looks exactly the same as another thing but with its left and right sides in opposite positions    镜像，映射
His home is two terraced houses knocked together, each the mirror image of the other.   他的家是两栋相接的连排房子，两座房子一模一样。
■a person or object that is very similar to another    翻版，相似的人（或物）
The current economic situation is a mirror image of the situation in France a few years ago.   目前的经济形势完全是几年前法国情况的翻版。



★☆☆   mirth
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable literary 
■laughter, humour or happiness    欢笑；欢乐，高兴
Her impersonations of our teachers were a source of considerable mirth.   她对老师的模仿给大家带来了莫大的欢乐。



★☆☆   mirthless
—————————————————
UK adjective literary 
■not showing real enjoyment or happiness    没有欢乐的；忧郁的；悲伤的
a mirthless laugh /smile   苦笑／面带悲伤的微笑



★☆☆   mis-
—————————————————
prefix 
■added to the beginning of a verb or word formed from a verb, to show that the action referred to by the verb has been done wrongly or badly 
  （用于动词前，或由动词衍生出来的词前）错误地，不良地
I never said that! You must have misheard me.   我从没说过那样的话！你一定是听错了。
His misbehaviour eventually led to him being expelled from school.   他的不良行为最终导致他被学校开除。



★☆☆   misaddress
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to put the wrong address on a letter or parcel 
  （在信件或包裹上）写错地址
We have now corrected the error in our computer records which resulted in our letters to you being misaddressed.   我们已经更正了电脑档案，之前由于纪录错误，寄给你的邮件都写错了地址。



★☆☆   misadventure
—————————————————
UK noun countable literary 
■an accident or bad luck    不幸事故；不幸遭遇；厄运
death by misadventure UK legal 
■the official term used in court for an death that happens by accident    意外致死，意外死亡
The coroner recorded a verdict of death by misadventure.   验尸官所作出的结论是意外致死。



★☆☆   misalign
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to arrange parts of a machine or system badly, with the result that they do not work well together    使不一致；使失调
If the wheels are misaligned, it can cause excessive wear on your tyres.   如果轮子安装不正，会导致轮胎过度磨损。



★☆☆   misandry
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■hatred of men    厌恶男人，憎恨男人    Compare misogyny



★☆☆   misanthrope
—————————————————
UK noun countable (also misanthropist) 
■someone who dislikes other people and avoids involvement with society    厌恶人类者；遁世者



★☆☆   misanthropic
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■not liking other people    厌恶人类的；遁世的，不与他人交往的



★☆☆   misapply
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to use something badly, wrongly or in a way that was not intended    用错；误用；滥用
It will be impossible to recover all the misapplied charity money.   想要追回所有被滥用的慈善款项是不可能的。



★☆☆   misapprehension
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a failure to understand something, or an understanding or belief about something that is not correct    误解，误会
[+ that] Most industrialists labour under a misapprehension (= wrongly believe) that unrestrained economic growth can be achieved without damaging the environment.   大多数工业家都误以为不破坏环境也可以实现无限制的经济增长。



★☆☆   misappropriate
—————————————————
UK US formal 
verb transitive 
■to steal something that you have been trusted to take care of and use it for your own good    挪用；盗用；侵吞；私占
He is accused of misappropriating $30 000 to pay off gambling debts.   他被控挪用了三万美元去偿还赌债。



★☆☆   misbegotten
—————————————————
UK adjective 
BADLY PLANNED  计划不周的     formal 
■badly or stupidly planned or designed    计划不周密的，规划拙劣的
a misbegotten belief/idea   不周密的想法
misbegotten social and economic policies   极不合理的社会与经济政策UK adjective 
NOT RESPECTED  不受尊敬的  
[before noun] old-fashioned formal 
■not deserving to be respected or thought valuable    卑鄙的；声名狼藉的
Her misbegotten father spent most of his adult life in prison.   她那声名狼藉的父亲在狱中度过了他的大半生。



★☆☆   misbehave
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
PERSON  人  
■to behave badly    举止失礼；行为不端
I was always getting in trouble for misbehaving at school.   我总是因为在学校里行为不端而惹上麻烦。verb intransitive 
MACHINE  机器  
■If machines misbehave, they do not operate as they should    发生故障，失灵
If computer circuits are allowed to overheat they will misbehave.   如果电脑电路过热，就会出现故障。



★☆☆   misc 
—————————————————
■written abbreviation for    * miscellaneous 



★☆☆   miscalculate
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to calculate an amount wrongly    误算；（把…）算错
[+ question word] We had a lot of food left over from the party because I'd miscalculated how much people would eat.   因为我算错了大家的食量，所以聚会剩下了大量食物。
■to judge a situation badly    错误地判断；失算
He miscalculated badly when he underestimated the response of the international community to the invasion.   他严重失算，低估了国际社会对这次侵略的反应。



★☆☆   miscarriage
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■an early unintentional end to a pregnancy when the baby is born too early and dies because it has not developed enough    流产
The amniocentesis test carries a significant risk of miscarriage.   羊膜穿刺测试很可能会造成流产。
I had two miscarriages before I gave birth to my daughter.   生我女儿之前，我曾两度流产。    Compare abortion ; stillbirth



★☆☆   miscarriage of justice 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a situation in which someone is punished by the law courts for a crime that they have not committed    司法不公；误判
Many people oppose the death penalty because of the possibility of miscarriages of justice.   许多人反对死刑，因为存在误判的可能。



★☆☆   miscast
—————————————————
UK US  (miscast, miscast)
verb transitive 
■to choose someone who is unsuitable to act in a film or play    使（演员）担任不适合的角色
Tom Hanks was miscast as the arrogant city high-flier.   汤姆‧汉克斯获挑选饰演一个和他并不相配的角色——一个傲慢自大、满怀抱负的都市人。



★☆☆   miscellaneous
—————————————————
adjective 
■consisting of a mixture of various things which are not usually connected with each other    混杂的；各种各样的
miscellaneous household items   各种各样的家庭用品



★☆☆   miscellany
—————————————————
noun only singular 
MIXTURE  混合物  
■a mixture of different things    混合物，大杂烩
The museum houses a fascinating miscellany of nautical treasures.   这家博物馆收藏了一批令人着迷的各式航海珍宝。noun only singular 
BOOK  书籍  
■a book containing a collection of pieces of writing either by different writers or by one writer on different subjects    杂记
She's just finished editing "A Miscellany of English Cookery".   她刚刚完成了《英国烹饪术》一书的编辑工作。



★☆☆   mischance
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable formal 
■bad luck or an unlucky event    厄运，霉运；不幸
By an unfortunate mischance, the hospital had been built immediately beside a large ammunition dump.   非常不幸的是，医院紧靠着一个大型的弹药临时堆积处。



★☆☆   mischief
—————————————————
noun 
uncountable 
■behaviour, especially a child's, which is slightly bad but is not intended to cause serious harm or damage 
  （尤指儿童的）恶作剧，淘气，捣蛋
He needs a hobby to keep him busy and stop him from getting into mischief.   他需要培养一个爱好让他有事可忙，不再调皮捣蛋。
Perhaps a new bike would keep him out of mischief.   也许一辆新脚踏车会让他不再淘气。
I hope you haven't been up to any mischief while I was away.   我希望我不在时你没有搞甚么恶作剧。
countable 
■a mischievous child    顽皮的小孩，淘气鬼
uncountable informal 
■damage or harm    损害；伤害；危害
criminal mischief   刑事毁坏noun 
do sb/yourself a mischief UK informal 
■to hurt someone or yourself    伤害（某人）／自己
You'll do yourself a mischief if you're not careful with that knife.   如果你用那把刀时不小心，就会弄伤自己。noun 
make mischief old-fashioned 
■to say something which causes other people to be upset or annoyed with each other    搬弄是非，挑拨离间，制造不和
My children often try to make mischief between me and my new husband.   我的孩子常常试图在我和我的新丈夫之间制造不和。



★☆☆   mischief-making
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the activity of intentionally causing problems for people    搬弄是非，挑拨离间，制造不和
He accused Mr James of mischief-making by raising allegations against Mr Aitken.   他指责詹姆斯先生指控艾特肯先生意在挑拨离间。



★☆☆   mischievous
—————————————————
adjective 
■behaving in a way, or describing behaviour, which is slightly bad but is not intended to cause serious harm or damage 
  （人、行为等）爱恶作剧的，好捣乱的，顽皮的，淘气的
She has a mischievous sense of humour.   她很幽默，喜欢搞点恶作剧。
a book about the mischievous antics of his ten-year-old daughter   一本有关他十岁女儿顽皮行为的书
■expressing or suggesting mischief    恶意的
a mischievous grin   不怀好意的狞笑
■describes behaviour or words that are intended to cause harm or trouble 
  （行为）有害的；（话语）恶意中伤的
I think these rumours are mischievous.   我认为这些流言是恶意中伤。



★☆☆   miscible
—————————————————
adjective specialized 
■A miscible liquid can be mixed with another liquid without separating from it.    可混合的
Alcohol is miscible with/in water.   酒精能与水混合。    Compare immiscible



★☆☆   miscommunication
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■failure to communicate ideas or intentions successfully 
  （想法、意图的）误传
A spokeswoman blamed the confusion on miscommunication between the company and its customers.   一名女发言人把混乱情况归咎于公司与客户间的资讯误传。



★☆☆   misconceived
—————————————————
adjective 
■badly planned because of a failure to understand a situation and therefore unsuitable or unlikely to succeed    设想错误的；计划不周的；判断失误的
The plan to build the road through the forest is wholly misconceived.   修建贯穿森林之路的计划是完全错误的。



★☆☆   misconception
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an idea which is wrong because it has been based on a failure to understand a situation    误解，错误的想法
We hope our work will help to change popular misconceptions about disabled people.   我们希望我们的工作有助于改变一般人对残疾人士的错误看法。
[+ that] I'd like to clear up the common misconception that American society is based on money.   我想消除一种普遍的误解，即认为美国社会是以金钱为基础的。



★☆☆   misconduct 
—————————————————
noun uncountable UK BEHAVIOUR  行为  
■unacceptable or bad behaviour by someone in a position of authority or responsibility    不当行为；失职；滥用职权
The psychiatrist was found guilty of gross (= unacceptable) professional misconduct.   这个精神病医生被裁定为严重失职。
The former priest denied allegations of sexual misconduct.   这位前牧师否认有不正当性行为的指控。noun uncountable UK BAD MANAGEMENT  管理不善  
■when the activities of an organisation are badly managed    管理不善
financial misconduct   财务管理不善verb transitive /ˌmɪs.kənˈdʌkt/
■to manage the activities of an organization badly    对…管理不善，对…处理不当
The aid programme was misconducted, resulting in large quantities of food failing to reach the famine victims.   援助计划管理不善，导致大量食物未能送达饥民。



★☆☆   misconstrue
—————————————————
 formal 
verb transitive 
■to form a false understanding of the meaning or intention of something that someone does or says    误解…的意思（或意图）
She said Harris had misconstrued her comments.   她说哈里斯误解了她的评论。
Their caution was misconstrued as cowardice.   他们的谨慎被误解为懦弱。



★☆☆   miscount
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to reach a total, when counting, which is not correct    数错，算错
I thought we had enough plates for the party, but perhaps I miscounted.   我以为我们聚会上有足够的碟子用，但也许我数错了。



★☆☆   miscreant
—————————————————
noun countable formal 
■someone who behaves badly or does not obey rules    恶棍，无赖；歹徒
We need tougher penalties to discourage miscreants.   我们需要更严厉的刑罚来惩戒无赖之徒。



★☆☆   misdeed
—————————————————
noun countable formal 
■an act that is criminal or bad    违法行为；罪行；不端行为
She's been making up for her past misdeeds by doing a lot of voluntary work.   她一直在做大量志愿工作来弥补她过去的罪行。



★☆☆   misdemeanor
—————————————————
UK noun countable US legal 
■a crime considered to be one of the less serious types of crime    轻罪



★☆☆   misdemeanour
—————————————————
UK (ALSO US misdemeanor) UK noun countable 
■an action which is slightly bad or breaks a rule but is not a crime    不正当的行为，不检点的举止
sexual/youthful misdemeanours   不检点的性行为／青年人的不端行为
Every week, as children, we were beaten for some minor misdemeanour.   我们小时候每周都因为一些小过错而挨打。



★☆☆   misdirect
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to send something to the wrong place or aim something in the wrong direction    将…送错地方；把…瞄错方向
My luggage was misdirected to a different airport.   我的行李被错送到另一个机场去了。
Vilas misdirected the shot, and the ball went over the net.   维拉斯射球失准，球越网而过。
■to use something in a way which is not suitable or right    使用…不当；误用
The report accuses the charity of misdirecting large quantities of aid.   报告指责这家慈善机构不当使用大量援助。
■to be wrong in how you feel or act in a situation    用错，误用（情感、行为等）
The public's admiration is misdirected, as he has done nothing to deserve it.   公众的赞美用错了地方，因为他没有任何值得赞誉之处。



★☆☆   miser
—————————————————
UK noun countable disapproving 
■someone who has a strong wish to have money and hates to spend it    守财奴，财迷；吝啬鬼，小气鬼



★☆☆   miserable
—————————————————
UK adjective 
UNHAPPY  不快乐的  
 ADVANCED  
■very unhappy    痛苦的；可怜的
She's miserable living on her own.   她独自生活，非常可怜。
 ADVANCED  
■unpleasant and causing unhappiness    令人难受的，令人痛苦的
miserable weather   令人难受的天气
What a miserable existence! How could anyone live in such dreadful conditions.   多么痛苦的生活！一个人怎么能在这么糟糕的条件下过活。UK adjective 
LOW VALUE  低价值  
[before noun] 
■having little value or quality    拙劣的；卑鄙的；少得可怜的
informal She only offered me a miserable £20 for my old computer.   她只出少得可怜的20英镑买我的旧电脑。
slang Some miserable bastard went and vandalised my car.   某个卑鄙的家伙毁了我的车。



★☆☆   miserably
—————————————————
UK adverb 
UNHAPPY  难过地  
■causing or showing unhappiness    痛苦悲惨地；使人感到闷闷不乐地
"I'm so unhappy," sobbed Chris, miserably.   “我太难过了，”克里斯痛苦地抽噎道。
It's been miserably wet (= raining a lot) all week.   整个星期都在下雨。UK adverb 
LOW VALUE  低价值  
■having little value, in a way that is disappointing 
  （因没多大价值而）教人失望地
to fail miserably (= completely fail)   惨败
miserably low wages   极低的工资



★☆☆   miserly
—————————————————
UK adjective disapproving 
PERSON  人  
■like or typical of a miser    守财奴似的；吝啬鬼似的；吝啬的，小气的
a miserly person   吝啬的人UK adjective disapproving 
AMOUNT  数量  
■describes an amount that is extremely small    极少的，极小的
a miserly 75p a week rise in the state pension   每周增加少得可怜的75便士的州退休金



★☆☆   misery
—————————————————
UK noun 
UNHAPPY FEELING  痛苦  
 ADVANCED  countable or uncountable 
■great unhappiness    痛苦，悲惨
We have witnessed the most appalling scenes of human misery.   我们目睹了最令人震惊的人间苦难。
Ten years of marriage to him have made her life a misery.   和他的十年婚姻使她的生活非常痛苦。UK noun 
UNHAPPY PERSON  不高兴的人  
only singular UK informal disapproving (also misery guts) 
■someone who is often very unhappy and is always complaining about things    常常不高兴的人，老发牢骚的人
Oh come on, don't be such a misery!   好了，别做牢骚大王了！
Stop being such an old misery guts!   别老是发牢骚！UK noun 
put sth out of its misery 
■to kill an animal because it is in great pain, so that it does not have to suffer any more    杀死（动物）以结束其痛苦UK noun 
put sb out of their misery informal 
■to stop someone worrying, usually by giving them information that they have been waiting for 
  （告知情况）使（某人）不再感到不安，消除（某人）的顾虑
We try to put our students out of their misery and give them their exam results as early as possible.   我们尽量使学生不需长时间担心，尽早告诉他们考试结果。



★☆☆   misfire
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive 
GUN  枪弹  
■If a gun misfires, the bullet fails to come out. 
  （枪弹）射不出，哑火UK verb intransitive 
ENGINE  引擎  
■When an engine misfires, the fuel inside it starts to burn at the wrong moment 
  （引擎）无法启动，不能正常运行
There was a loud bang, like the sound of an engine misfiring.   有一声巨响，像是引擎发动不起来的声音。UK verb intransitive 
PLAN  计划  
■If a plan misfires, it does not have the result that was intended 
  （计划）未达到预期效果，未达到预期目的，失败
The boy's death was the result of a practical joke that misfired.   男孩的死是由一场出了岔错的恶作剧造成。



★☆☆   misfit
—————————————————
noun countable 
■someone who is not suited to a situation or who is not accepted by other people because their behaviour is strange or unusual    不适应环境的人；不为别人接受的人
I didn't really know anyone at the party, so I felt a bit of a misfit.   聚会上我谁都不认识，所以觉得有点不适应。
I was a bit of a social misfit at college because I didn't like going out in the evenings.   大学时我是个有些不合群的人，因为我不喜欢晚上外出参加社交活动。



★☆☆   misfortune
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■bad luck, or an unlucky event    不幸；厄运；不幸事故；灾难
[+ to infinitive] That was the worst film I've ever had the misfortune to see.   那是我不走运看过的最糟糕的电影。
She's suffered a good deal of misfortune over the years.   多年来她遭受了巨大的不幸。
It's unfair to take advantage of other people's misfortunes.   乘人之危是不公平的。



★☆☆   misgiving
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a feeling of doubt or worry about a future event 
  （对未来事件的）疑虑，担忧
Many teachers expressed serious misgivings about the new exams.   许多教师表示对新的考试非常担忧。
My only misgiving is that we might not have enough time to do the job properly.   我唯一担心的是我们可能没有足够的时间把这项工作做好。



★☆☆   misgovern
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to govern a country badly 
  （国家）治理不当



★☆☆   misguided
—————————————————
adjective 
■unreasonable or unsuitable because of being based on bad judgment or on wrong information or beliefs    被误导的；被引入歧途的；判断失误的
He was shot as he made a misguided attempt to stop the robbers single-handed.   他不理智地想一个人制止劫匪抢劫，结果遭到枪击。
The company blamed its disappointing performance on a misguided business plan.   这家公司将其令人失望的表现归咎于错误的商业计划。



★☆☆   mishandle
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to deal with something without the necessary care or skill    对…处理不当
The police were accused of mishandling the investigation.   警方被控调查不当。



★☆☆   mishap
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■bad luck, or an unlucky event or accident    厄运；不幸事故
The parade was very well organised and passed without mishap.   游行队伍组织得很好，通过时没有发生意外。
A series of mishaps led to the nuclear power plant blowing up.   一连串不幸事故导致核电厂发生爆炸。



★☆☆   mishear
—————————————————
UK US  (misheard, misheard)
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to fail to hear someone's words correctly or in the way that was intended and to think that something different was said    听错，误听
I'm sure I never said that! You must have misheard (me).   我肯定没说过那句话！你一定是听错了。



★☆☆   mishmash
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■a badly organized mixture    混杂物，大杂烩
The new housing development is a mishmash of different architectural styles.   新建住宅区是各种建筑风格的大杂烩。



★☆☆   misinform
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to tell someone information that is not correct    误报；误传
I was told she would be at the meeting, but clearly I was misinformed.   我获悉她会参加会议，显然这消息有误。



★☆☆   misinformation
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■when people are misinformed    错误的资讯
There's a lot of misinformation about AIDS that needs to be corrected.   有许多关于爱滋病的错误资讯，亟待更正。
■information intended to deceive    假消息
His election campaign was based on misinformation about the rival candidates.   他的竞选活动是根据有关对手候选人的假消息进行的。



★☆☆   misinterpret
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to form an understanding that is not correct of something that is said or done    误解；误释
My speech has been misinterpreted by the press.   我的演讲被新闻界曲解了。
When we re-examined the regulations, we realised that we had misinterpreted them.   当我们重新研究章程时，我们意识到我们以往对之有所误解。



★☆☆   misjudge
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to form an opinion or idea about someone or something which is unfair or wrong    错误地判断；对…判断不公；错看
I thought he wasn't going to support me, but I misjudged him.   我以为他不会支持我，其实我看错了他。
Sophie totally misjudged the situation and behaved quite inappropriately.   苏菲对形势的判断完全错误，举止极不妥当。
■to guess an amount or distance wrongly    对（数量或距离）估计错误



★☆☆   mislay
—————————————————
 (mislaid, mislaid)
verb transitive 
■to lose something temporarily by forgetting where you have put it    一时找不到；忘记把…放在何处
Could I borrow a pen? I seem to have mislaid mine.   我能借一支钢笔吗？我好像忘记把我的放在哪里了。



★☆☆   mislead
—————————————————
 (misled, misled)
verb transitive 
■to cause someone to believe something that is not true    误导；使…产生错误的想法；把…引入歧途
He has admitted misleading the police about his movements on the night of the murder.   他承认误导了警方，使他们对他在谋杀案发生当晚的行踪产生了错误的判断。



★☆☆   misleading
—————————————————
adjective 
■causing someone to believe something that is not true    误导的；引入歧途的；让人产生错误观念的
misleading information/statements   使人产生误解的资讯／说法
Adverts must not create a misleading impression.   广告不应有误导性。



★☆☆   mismanage
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to organize or control something badly    对…管理不善；对…处置不当
The restaurant was hopelessly mismanaged by a former rock musician with no business experience.   这家餐厅被一个没有做过生意的前摇滚乐手经营得一塌糊涂。



★☆☆   mismatch
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to put together people or things that are unsuitable for each other    使错配；使不适当地在一起
I always thought Chris and Monique were mismatched, so I wasn't surprised when they got divorced.   我一直认为克里斯和莫妮克不般配，所以他们离婚我并不吃惊。noun countable /ˈmɪsˌmætʃ/
■when people or things are put together that are not suitable for each other    错配
There is a mismatch between the capacity of the airport and the large number of people wanting to fly from it.   机场的输送量与其巨大的客流量很不相称。



★☆☆   misnomer
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a name that does not suit what it refers to, or the use of such a name    使用不当的名字（或名称）；名字（或名称）的误用；取名（或用词）不当
It was the scruffiest place I've ever stayed in, so 'Hotel Royal' was a bit of a misnomer.   那是我住过的最不整洁的地方，叫它“皇家饭店”真有点取名不当。
It's something of a misnomer to refer to these inexperienced boys as soldiers.   用“军人”来称呼这些没有经验的男孩有点用词不当。



★☆☆   miso
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a thick substance made from soya beans and salt, used in Japanese cooking    味噌（日本豆面酱）



★☆☆   misogynist
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a man who hates women or believes that men are much better than women    厌恶女人者UK adjective (also misogynistic) 
■showing a hatred towards women or a belief that men are much better than women    厌恶女人的，认为男人比女人优越的
She left the Church because of its misogynist teachings on women and their position in society.   她离开教会是因为它那套敌视女性，贬低女性社会地位的说教。
a misogynistic attitude/writer   厌恶女人的态度／作家



★☆☆   misogyny
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the hatred of women    厌女症，女性贬抑



★☆☆   misplace
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to lose something temporarily by forgetting where you have put it    随意搁置；乱放而一时找不到
She misplaced her keys so often that her secretary used to carry spare ones for her.   她经常记不起她的锁匙放在哪里，因此她的秘书常为她带着备用锁匙。



★☆☆   misplaced
—————————————————
adjective 
■directed towards someone or something wrongly or in a way that does not show good judgment    被错误寄托的；错放的
misplaced loyalty/trust   无谓的忠诚／被辜负的信任
I'm afraid your confidence in my abilities is misplaced.   恐怕你对我的能力寄予了太大的信心了。



★☆☆   misprint
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a mistake, such as a word that is spelled wrong, in a printed text    印刷错误
We can't publish the newsletter like this - it's full of misprints.   我们不能出版这样的新闻通讯——印刷错误俯拾皆是。



★☆☆   mispronounce
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to pronounce a word or sound wrongly    发错…的音，读错…的音
French learners of English often mispronounce "ch" as "sh".   法国人学英语时常将ch错读成sh。



★☆☆   misquote
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to repeat something someone has said in a way that is not accurate    错误地引用，误引
Her promise was deliberately misquoted by her opponents, who then used it against her.   她的承诺被对手故意错误引用，以对她构成不利。
I never said that at all - the press misquoted me.   我根本没说过那样的话——是媒体引用错误。



★☆☆   misread
—————————————————
 (misread, misread)
verb transitive 
READ WRONGLY  看错  
■to make a mistake in the way that you read something    读错；看错；误读
I was given the wrong tablets when the chemist misread my prescription.   药剂师看错了我的处方，给错了药。 (misread, misread)
verb transitive 
JUDGE WRONGLY  误判  
■to judge a situation wrongly    误解；错误判断
I thought he fancied me, but I'd completely misread the signals.   我想他喜欢我，但我完全误解了那些暗示。



★☆☆   misreport
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to make known information that is not completely true or correct    错误地报道；不如实地报道
The magazine misreported its sales figures in order to boost advertising revenue.   这本杂志为增加广告收入，虚报其销售数字。



★☆☆   misrepresent
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to describe falsely an idea, opinion or situation or the opinions of someone, often in order to get an advantage    不如实地叙述（或说明）；误传；歪曲；诈称
She accused her opponents of deliberately misrepresenting her as an extremist.   她指责对手故意诬蔑她是极端分子。
I've grown used to my views being misrepresented in the press.   我已经对新闻界歪曲我的观点习以为常了。



★☆☆   misrepresentation
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■something which misrepresents an idea, situation or opinion or when something is misrepresented 
  （对思想、情况或意见的）歪曲，扭曲；歪曲（思想、情况或意见）的表述、报道等物
The documentary was a misrepresentation of the truth and bore little resemblance to actual events.   这部纪录片是对事实的歪曲，几乎与事实毫无相符之处。
The MP laughed off the remarks as media misrepresentation.   这名下议院议员对这些评论一笑置之，说是媒体歪曲事实。



★☆☆   misrule
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■bad government that shows no justice or fairness 
  （政治上的）治理不当，管理不善；暴政
She blames her country's economic collapse on forty years of communist misrule.   她将国家的经济崩溃归咎于40年的共产主义暴政。



★☆☆   Miss
—————————————————
noun 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a title or form of address for a girl or a woman who has never been married 
  （用在女孩或未婚女子名字前作为称呼）小姐
Dr White will see you now, Miss Carter.   卡特小姐，怀特医生现在就见你。
Miss Helena Lewis   海伦娜‧路易士小姐    Compare Ms ; Mrs    old-fashioned 
■used as a form of address for a girl or young woman who does not appear to be married 
  （作为对看来没有结婚的女孩或青年女子的称呼）小姐
Excuse me, Miss, could you tell me the way to the station?   对不起，小姐，你能告诉我去车站怎么走吗？
■mainly UK 
■sometimes used by children to address teachers who are women 
  （孩子有时对女教师的称呼）老师
Can I go to the toilet, Miss?   我能去厕所吗，老师？
■When a woman wins a beauty competition, she is often given the title Miss and the name of the place that she represents 
  （选美得胜后的头衔）小姐
Miss India/UK   印度／英国小姐
the Miss World contest   世界小姐比赛



★☆☆   miss
—————————————————
verb 
NOT DO  没有做  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to fail to do or experience something, often something planned or expected, or to avoid doing or experiencing something    未做到；未体验；避开；幸免于
I missed the start of the exam because my bus was late.   考试开始时我还没有赶到，因为我搭的公车来迟了。
Often I miss (= do not eat) breakfast and have an early lunch instead.   我经常不吃早餐而早吃午餐。
You should leave early if you want to miss the rush hour.   如果你想避开高峰时间，就该早些出发。
[+ -ing verb] I only just missed being run over by a bus this morning.   我今早差点被一辆公车撞倒。
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to arrive too late to get on a bus, train or aircraft    赶不上，错过
You'll miss your train if you don't hurry up.   如果你不快点，会错过火车的。
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to not go to something    缺（勤）；缺（课）；失（约）；未出席
You'll fall behind in your studies if you keep missing school.   如果你继续缺课，会在学习上落后的。
I'm trying to find an excuse for missing the office party.   我正要找个不去办公室聚会的借口。
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to not see or hear something or someone    未看到；未听到
I missed the beginning of the film.   我错过了电影的开头。
Her latest movie is too good to miss (= It certainly should be seen).   她最近的一部电影很棒，不容错过。
I was sorry I missed you at Pat's party - I must have arrived after you left.   很遗憾没有在派特的派对上看到你——我准是在你离开后才到的。
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to not notice someone or something    未注意到
You don't miss much, do you? Nobody else noticed that mistake.   你真是明察秋毫，对吧？别人都没有注意到那个错误。
My office is first on the right with a bright red door. You can't miss it (= It is very easy to find).   我的办公室是右边的第一间，有一扇鲜红色的门。你不会找不到的。verb 
FEEL SAD  遗憾  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to feel sad that a person or thing is not present    想念，惦念；怀念，思念
I really missed her when she went away.   她离开的时候我非常想念她。
She will be sadly missed by all who knew her.   所有认识她的人都会很悲伤地怀念她的。
I still miss my old car.   我仍惦念着我的旧汽车。
What did you miss most about England when you were living in France?   你住在法国时最想念英格兰的甚么呢？
[+ -ing verb] I haven't missed smoking like I'd expected to.   出乎我的预料，我并没有老想着要抽烟。verb 
NOT HIT  没打中  
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■to fail to hit something or to avoid hitting something    未击中，未打中；避开
The bullet missed his heart by a couple of centimetres.   子弹差几厘米就击中了他的心脏。
I swerved to avoid the other car and only just missed a tree.   我为避开另一辆车急忙转向，差一点就撞到树上。
He threw a book at me, but he/it missed.   他向我扔了一本书，但没打中。verb 
NOTICE  注意  
transitive 
■to notice that something is lost or absent    发觉遗失；发觉…不在身边
He didn't miss his wallet until the waiter brought the bill.   侍者送帐单来时，他才发觉丢了钱包。verb 
miss a chance/opportunity 
■to not use an opportunity to do something    错过机会
She missed the chance of promotion when she turned down the job of assistant manager.   她没有接受助理经理一职，错过了晋升的机会。verb 
miss the boat 
■to lose an opportunity to do something by being slow to act 
  （因行动慢而）错过机会，错失良机
There were tickets available last week, but he missed the boat by waiting till today to try to buy some.   上周还有些票，但他一直等到今天才想去买，错过了机会。verb 
miss the mark 
■to fail to achieve the result that was intended    没达到目的；没成功
Her speech missed the mark and failed to generate the public support she had been hoping for.   她的演讲没有成功，没有得到她所希望引发的公众支持。verb 
miss the point 
■to not understand something correctly or what is important about it    未能领会；未能理解
What you say is true, but you've missed the point of my argument.   你说得没错，但是你没有理解我的论点。verb 
not miss a trick 
■said about someone who never fails to notice and take advantage of a good opportunity    善于把握机会
Jonathan doesn't miss a trick! If there's a bargain to be had at the market, he'll find it.   乔纳森从不错失良机！如果市场上有便宜货，他一定会找到的。verb 
not miss much informal 
■said when something you failed to see or experience was not important or special    没错过甚么
"I didn't manage to see that programme." "Don't worry, you didn't miss much."   “我错过了那个节目。”“别担心，你没错过什么。”verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] miss sb/sth out UK 
■to fail to include someone or something that should be included    遗漏
You've missed out your address on the form.   你在表格上漏填了你的地址。
Oh I'm sorry, Tina, I've missed you out. What would you like to drink?   哦，对不起，蒂娜，我把你忘了。你想喝点甚么？verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   miss out 
■to fail to use an opportunity to enjoy or get an advantage from something    错失享乐（或获利）的机会
Don't miss out on the fantastic bargains in our summer sale.   别错过我们夏季特卖中极好的便宜货。
We didn't have a TV at home when I was young, and I felt as though I missed out.   年轻时家中没有电视，我觉得好像错过了甚么似的。noun 
NOT DO  没做  
give sth a miss UK informal 
■to avoid or not do something    避开；对…不予理会；决定不做
We usually go to France in the summer, but we've decided to give it a miss this year.   我们通常夏天去法国，但今年我们决定不去了。
The restaurant's very good for fish, but I'd give their vegetarian options a miss.   这家餐厅的鱼煮得很好，但他们的素菜我就不愿意吃。noun 
NOT HIT  没打中  
countable 
■when something or someone fails to hit something or avoids hitting something    未打中，避免击中
Well done! You scored eight hits and only two misses.   做得好！你八次击中得分，只有两次失误。
⇨ See also near missnoun 
GIRL  女孩     UK old-fashioned 
■a girl or young woman, especially one who behaves rudely or shows no respect    小姑娘；（尤指）冒失女孩
You're a cheeky little miss! Apologize at once.   你这个女孩真没礼貌！立刻道歉。



★☆☆   misshapen
—————————————————
adjective 
■having an unusual shape or a shape which is not natural    畸形的；奇形怪状的
The drug caused some babies to be born with misshapen limbs.   这种药物导致一些婴儿出生时肢体畸形。



★☆☆   missile
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 IMPROVER  
■a flying weapon which has its own engine so that it can travel a long distance before exploding at the place that it has been aimed at    导弹
a missile launcher   导弹发射装置
Missile attacks on the capital resumed at dawn.   针对首都的导弹袭击在黎明时又重新开始了。
 IMPROVER  formal 
■any object that is thrown with the intention of causing injury or damage    投掷物
Stones, bottles and other missiles were thrown at the police.   石块、瓶子和其他投掷物纷纷扔向员警。



★☆☆   missing
—————————————————
adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  
■Someone who is missing has disappeared    失踪的，下落不明的
Her father has been missing since September 1992.   她父亲从1992年9月起就下落不明。
UK The girl went missing during a family outing to Mount Snowdon.   那女孩和家人到斯诺登峰远足，期间她失踪了。
 ESSENTIAL  
■describes something that cannot be found because it is not where it should be    丢失的，找不到的
The burglars have been arrested but the jewellery is still missing.   盗贼已经被捕，但珠宝仍下落不明。
When did you realise that the money was missing from your account?   你在甚么时候发现钱从你的帐户上消失？
■describes soldiers or military vehicles that have not returned from fighting in a war but are not known completely certainly to be dead or destroyed 
  （士兵及军用车辆在战争中）失踪的，下落不明的
He was listed as missing in action.   他被列入作战失踪人员名单。



★☆☆   missing link 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■something that is necessary to complete a series or solve a problem 
  （一系列相关联事物中）必要的环节
Those documents provided the missing link, and the police were able to make an arrest soon after they discovered them.   这些档提供了必要的证据，警方发现档之后很快就展开了逮捕行动。
the missing link 
■an animal which no longer exists or might never have existed and is thought to explain how humans developed from animals similar to monkeys    缺环（人们推想中存在于类人猿和人类之间的过渡动物）



★☆☆   missing person 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■someone who has disappeared and is no longer in communication with their family and friends    失踪的人
They reported his disappearance to the missing persons bureau.   他们向失踪人员调查处报告他的失踪个案。



★☆☆   mission
—————————————————
noun 
JOB  工作  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■an important job, especially a military one, that someone is sent somewhere to do 
  （尤指军事）任务，使命
Your mission is to isolate the enemy by destroying all the bridges across the river.   你的任务是破坏这条河上所有的桥梁，以孤立敌军。
a peace/rescue/fact-finding mission   和平使命／救援任务／核查事实的工作
 IMPROVER  countable 
■any work that someone believes it is their duty to do    使命，天职
My mission in life is to educate the rich about the suffering of the poor.   我一生的使命就是让富人认识穷人所受的痛苦。
She's a woman with a mission and she's absolutely determined to finish the project.   她是个有使命感的女人，已下定决心完成这项计划。
mission accomplished 
■something that you say when you have finished doing something that you were told to do    完成任务
Mission accomplished. I've got everything you asked for on the list.   完成任务！你在清单上列出的想要的东西，我全都弄到手了。noun 
PEOPLE  人  
countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a group of people whose job is to increase what is known about their country, organization or religion in another country or area, or the place where such people are based    外交使团；代表团；布道团；外交使团（或代表团）驻所；布道所
More funds are needed to establish trade missions in eastern Europe.   需要更多的资金在东欧建立贸易代表团。
The Methodist mission is situated in one of the poorest parts of the city.   循道卫理布道团的总部设于这个城市最贫穷的地区之一。



★☆☆   missionary
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who has been sent to a foreign country to teach their religion to the people who live there    传教士
He did missionary work for the Presbyterian Church in Alaska.   他曾在阿拉斯加为基督长老教会做传教工作。



★☆☆   missionary position 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■a position for having sex in which a woman lies on her back and her partner is above and facing her    传教士体位（指寻常的男上女下性交姿势）



★☆☆   missionary zeal 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■extreme enthusiasm    传教士般的热情；狂热



★☆☆   mission control 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the place on Earth from which a journey into space is controlled    航太地面指挥中心
For a few tense minutes, the astronauts lost radio contact with mission control.   在那很令人紧张的几分钟，太空人与航太地面指挥中心失去了无线电联系。



★☆☆   mission creep 
—————————————————
noun uncountable    disapproving 
■doing a much larger job for a longer time than was originally expected, especially in a military operation 
  （尤指军事行动中的）使命偏离，任务蠕升



★☆☆   mission statement 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a short written description of the aims of a business, charity , government department or public organization 
  （公司、慈善机构、政府部门等的）宗旨说明，职责声明



★☆☆   missive
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an official, formal or long letter    公函，公文
She sent a ten-page missive to the council, detailing her objections.   她向市政会发了一封十页的公函，细述她的反对意见。



★☆☆   misspell
—————————————————
 (misspelled or UK misspelt, misspelled or UK misspelt)    UK 
verb transitive 
■to fail to spell a word correctly    拼错，写错



★☆☆   misspend
—————————————————
 (misspent, misspent)
verb transitive 
■to use time or money in a manner that is wasteful or unwise    滥用；乱花；浪费
We must stop public money being misspent in this way.   我们必须制止公款被这样滥用。
Being a good pool player is usually a sign of a misspent youth.   落袋撞球打得好通常也是虚度青春的标志。



★☆☆   misstate
—————————————————
 mainly US formal 
verb transitive 
■to express a fact that is not correct    错报，误述
Yesterday's obituary of Randall M. Klose misstated the date of his death.   昨天的讣告错报了兰德尔‧M‧克洛斯的逝世日期。



★☆☆   missus
—————————————————
noun only singular informal 
■wife    妻子，老婆
Me and the missus (= my wife) are going to our daughter's for Christmas.   我和妻子要去我女儿家过圣诞节。
Have you met Jack's new missus?   你见过杰克的新妻子吗？



★☆☆   mist
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■thin fog produced by very small drops of water collecting in the air just above an area of ground or water    薄雾
The mountain villages seem to be permanently shrouded in mist.   山村好像永远笼罩在薄雾之中。
The early-morning mist soon lifted/cleared.   清晨的薄雾很快就散了。
■a thin layer of liquid on the surface of something which makes it difficult to see    水汽，水蒸气
UK There's always a mist on the bathroom mirror/windows when I've had a shower.   我淋浴过后，浴室的镜子／窗户上总有一层水汽。
Through a mist of tears, I watched his train pull out of the station.   我泪眼模糊，看着他乘坐的火车驶离车站。noun countable or uncountable 
the mists of time 
■used to show that something happened a very long time ago and is difficult to remember clearly    岁月的迷雾；久远的年代
The precise details of what happened have been lost in the mists of time.   事情的确切细节已湮没在岁月的迷雾中。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   mist (sth) over/up    mainly UK 
■If something that you can see through mists over/up, it becomes covered with a thin layer of liquid so that it is more difficult to see through 
  （使）蒙上水汽，（使）结满雾气
Open the window when you have a shower to stop the mirror misting over.   淋浴时打开窗子以防止镜子蒙上水汽。
The steam from the kettle misted up her glasses.   水壶里冒出的水蒸气使她的眼镜变得雾气蒙蒙。
⇨ See also steam up at steam
■If your eyes mist over/up, they fill with tears. 
  （眼睛）含着泪水；泪眼婆娑




★☆☆   mistake
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■an action, decision or judgment which produces an unwanted or unintentional result    错误；过失
I'm not blaming you - we all make mistakes.   我不是在责备你——我们都会犯错。
[+ to infinitive] It was a mistake for us to come here tonight.   我们今晚来这里真是来错了。
This letter's full of spelling mistakes.   这封信满是拼写错误。
I've discovered a few mistakes in your calculations.   我在你的计算中发现了几个错误。
Why am I under arrest? There must be some mistake.   为甚么逮捕我？一定是搞错了。
by mistake 
 ESSENTIAL  
■by accident    错误地
I've paid this bill twice by mistake.   我弄错了，把这张帐单付了两次。noun countable 
and no mistake mainly UK old-fashioned 
■added to the end of something you say to emphasize it 
  （用于强调所说的话）无疑地，确确实实地
He's a strange bloke and no mistake.   他是个奇怪的家伙，没错。noun countable 
make no mistake about it 
■used to show that you are certain about something    没有半点怀疑，完全可以肯定
Make no mistake about it, this decision is going to cause you a lot of problems.   毫无疑问，这个决定会给你带来许多问题。noun countable 
  Common Learner Errors   mistake   Warning: Choose the right verb!   Don't say 'do a mistake', say make a mistake :
✗ I never do mistakes in my essays.   I never make mistakes in my essays.verb transitive (mistook, mistaken)
■to be wrong about or to fail to recognize something or someone    误认，错误辨认
You can't mistake their house - it's got a bright yellow front door.   你不会认错他们的房子——正门是鲜黄色的。
formal I mistook your signature and thought the letter was from someone else.   我把你的签名认错了，以为信是别人寄来的。verb transitive (mistook, mistaken)
be no mistaking sth 
■When there's no mistaking something, it is impossible not to recognize it    不可能认错
There's no mistaking a painting by Picasso.   那是一幅毕卡索的画作，没可能认错。verb transitive (mistook, mistaken)
  Phrasal Verbs   mistake sb/sth for sb/sth 
■to confuse someone or something with a different person or thing    把…误认为
I often mistake her for her mother on the phone.   她在电话里说话时，我总以为那是她母亲。




★☆☆   mistaken
—————————————————
adjective 
■wrong in what you believe, or based on a belief that is wrong    错误的；弄错的
If you think you can carry on drinking so much without damaging your health, then you're mistaken.   如果你认为可以继续喝这么多酒而不损害健康的话，那你错了。
I'm afraid I was mistaken about how much it would cost.   恐怕我搞错了要花多少钱。
The negotiations continued in the mistaken belief that a peaceful agreement could be reached.   人们都误以为可以达成和平协定，谈判就在这个背景下继续进行着。
a case of mistaken identity   认错人的案例



★☆☆   Mister
—————————————————
UK noun 
■the complete form of the title Mr 
  （Mr的完整形式）先生
■an informal and often rude form of address for a man whose name you do not know 
  （对不知姓名的男子的非正式称呼，常显得不礼貌）先生
Listen to me, Mister, I don't ever wanna see you in this bar again.   听着，先生，我不想在这间酒吧里再看到你。



★☆☆   Mister Big 
—————————————————
noun only singular humorous 
■the most important person in a place or organization    大人物，举足轻重的人物
Paul is Mister Big in our department, so it's important to make a good impression on him.   保罗是我们部门的大人物，给他留下好印象至关重要。



★☆☆   mistime
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to do something at the wrong moment with the result that it is unsuccessful or has an unwanted effect    在不当的时候做；选错…的时机
She mistimed her stroke and the ball went into the net.   她击球的时机不对，球打到了网上。



★☆☆   mistletoe
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■an evergreen (= never losing its leaves) plant with small white fruits and pale yellow flowers which grows on trees, often used as a Christmas decoration    美洲寄生子属植物，檞寄生（常用作圣诞装饰物）
They were kissing under the mistletoe at the office party.   公司年会上，他们在檞寄生下亲吻。



★☆☆   mistreat
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to treat a person or animal badly, cruelly or unfairly    虐待
Both parents have denied charges of mistreating their children.   父母双方均否认虐待子女的指控。
I think people who mistreat their pets should be banned from keeping them.   我认为虐待宠物的人应当被禁止养宠物。



★☆☆   mistress
—————————————————
noun 
WOMAN IN CONTROL  女性控制  
[S or U] old-fashioned 
■a woman who has control over or responsibility for someone or something    女主人；女能人；起主宰作用的女子
I'll inform the mistress (of the house) of your arrival, madam.   夫人，我去告诉女主人您来了。
She intends to remain mistress of (= in charge of) her own life when she gets married.   她想在结婚后仍做自己生活的主人。
countable UK old-fashioned 
■a female school teacher    女教师
She got a good report from her German mistress.   她的德语女教师给了她很好的成绩。
countable old-fashioned 
■a female owner of a dog    狗的女主人noun 
SEXUAL PARTNER  性伴侣  
countable 
■a woman who is having a sexual relationship with a married man    情妇
Edward VII and his mistress, Lillie Langtry   爱德华七世和他的情妇莉莉‧兰翠



★☆☆   mistrial
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a trial during which a mistake has been made, causing the judgment to have no legal value    无效审判
US 
■a trial in which no decision can be reached about whether a person is guilty or not    未决审判



★☆☆   mistrust
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to have doubts about the honesty or abilities of someone    不信任，不相信；怀疑…的真实性
I've always mistrusted politicians.   我总是不信任政治家。



★☆☆   misty
—————————————————
adjective 
WEATHER  天气  
 ADVANCED  
■In misty weather, there is mist in the air which makes it difficult to see into the distance    雾的；有雾的；多雾的
The morning will start off misty.   早上开始时会有雾。adjective 
GLASS  玻璃  
■describes glass or a similar surface that is covered with a mist which makes it difficult to see through    雾气覆盖的；蒙有水汽的
The windscreen is all misty.   挡风玻璃上水汽迷蒙。



★☆☆   misty-eyed
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■looking as if you are going to cry because you feel emotional about something    眼泪汪汪的；热泪盈眶的
He goes all misty-eyed whenever he hears that song.   每当他听到那首歌时，总会泪眼模糊。



★☆☆   misunderstand
—————————————————
UK US (misunderstood, misunderstood)
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to think you have understood someone or something when you have not    误解；误会
If you think that these transport problems can be solved by building more roads, you completely misunderstand the nature of the problem.   如果你认为这些交通问题可以藉修筑新路来解决的话，那你就完全误解了问题的本质。
I told him I'd meet him here, but perhaps he misunderstood and went straight to the pub.   我跟他说我会在这里等他，但可能他理解错了，直接去了小酒馆。



★☆☆   misunderstanding
—————————————————
UK noun 
countable or uncountable 
■when someone does not understand something correctly    误解；误会
There must be some misunderstanding. I never asked for these chairs to be delivered.   一定是搞错了，我从来没有请人送这些椅子。
His ridiculous comments showed a complete misunderstanding of the situation.   从他荒谬的评论可见他完全误解了形势。
countable informal 
■a disagreement, argument or fight    争执；不和；打架
often humorous "How did you get your black eye?" "Oh, I had a little misunderstanding with someone at the football match."   “你眼睛怎么青了？”“哦，我在足球比赛时和人家起了点争执。”



★☆☆   misuse 
—————————————————
verb transitive /ˌmɪsˈjuːz/
■to use something in an unsuitable way or in a way that was not intended    错用，误用；滥用；盗用
She was accused of misusing company funds.   她被指控盗用公司资金。noun countable or uncountable /ˌmɪsˈjuːs/
■when something is used in an unsuitable way or in a way that was not intended    滥用
This new computer system is completely unnecessary and a misuse of taxpayers' money.   这个新的电脑系统完全没有必要，是滥用纳税人的钱。
the misuse of power/drugs   滥用权力／药物



★☆☆   mite
—————————————————
noun 
ANIMAL  动物  
countable 
■a very small animal similar to a spider    螨
a red spider mite   红叶螨noun 
CHILD  孩子  
countable mainly UK informal 
■a young child, especially one deserving sympathy because they are ill or hungry 
  （常指因生病或饥饿而应受怜爱的）小孩
Poor little mite, he looks so tired.   可怜的小家伙，他看来很累。noun 
SMALL AMOUNT  少量  
only singular old-fashioned 
■a very small amount    少量，一点点
I couldn't eat another mite.   我一点也吃不下了。
a mite old-fashioned informal 
■slightly    一点；少许，几分
He seemed a mite embarrassed.   他似乎有点尴尬。



★☆☆   mitigate
—————————————————
UK US formal 
verb transitive 
■to make something less harmful, unpleasant or bad    使缓和；减轻（危害等）
It is unclear how to mitigate the effects of tourism on the island.   人们还不清楚如何减低旅游业对这个岛屿的影响。



★☆☆   mitigating
—————————————————
UK adjective    formal 
■making something less harmful, unpleasant or bad    缓和的，减轻的
Are there any mitigating circumstances/factors which might help explain her appalling behaviour?   有甚么理由能帮助解释她那令人惊骇的行为吗？    Compare unmitigated    legal 
■causing you to judge a crime to be less serious or to make the punishment less severe    可减轻罪行的，可考虑从轻发落的
The jury must take into account any mitigating circumstances presented by the defense, such as previous good character.   陪审团必须考虑辩方提出的减轻刑罚的情节，如被告以前品行良好等。



★☆☆   mitochondrion
—————————————————
noun countable (plural mitochondria)    specialized 
■in a cell, a long or round piece found in the cytoplasm (= substance surrounding the nucleus) that produces energy for the cell by breaking down food    粒线体（细胞质中的球状或长条状细胞器，透过分解食物为细胞提供能量）



★☆☆   mitosis
—————————————————
UK noun countable specialized 
■the type of cell division in which one cell divides into two identical cells, each with the same number of chromosomes as the original cell    有丝分裂（细胞分裂过程，一个细胞分裂成两个相同的细胞，两个都含有与原来细胞相同数目的染色体）
Our skin cells are continually replaced by mitosis.   我们的皮肤细胞不断透过有丝分裂得以更新。    Compare meiosis



★☆☆   mitral valve
—————————————————
noun [C usually sing] specialized 
■the valve (= structure that opens and closes) in the heart which stops blood from returning into the left atrium (= upper space) from the left ventricle (= lower space)    二尖瓣（心脏内部不断开关的瓣膜结构，可阻止血液从左心室回流到左心房）    Compare tricuspid valve



★☆☆   mitre
—————————————————
(US also miter) UK noun countable 
HAT  帽子  
■a tall pointed hat worn by bishops in official ceremonies    主教冠(US also miter) UK noun countable 
WOOD JOINT  木的接头     (also mitre joint) 
■a joint made by two pieces of wood which have both been cut at an angle of 45° at the joining ends    斜接头，阳角接



★☆☆   mitt
—————————————————
noun 
countable 
■a special type of glove for protecting a person's hand, especially a thick leather glove used for catching a baseball    防护手套；（尤指）棒球手套
a catcher's mitt   接球手套
oven mitts   烤箱防护手套
countable usually plural    * a mitten 
baby/woollen mitts   婴儿／羊毛手套
countable usually plural slang 
■a person's hand    手
Get your filthy mitts off my sandwich!   别用你的脏手碰我的三明治！



★☆☆   mitten
—————————————————
UK US (also mitt) 
noun countable 
■a type of glove with a single part for all the fingers and a separate part for the thumb    连指手套
sheepskin mittens   羊皮连指手套
woollen mittens   羊毛连指手套    Compare glove



★☆☆   mix
—————————————————
verb 
COMBINE  混合  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to (cause different substances to) combine, so that the result cannot easily be separated into its parts 
  （使）混合，拌和
Oil and water don't mix. Even if you shake them together they separate into two layers.   油与水不相融。即使你将其混在一起摇晃，它们也会分为两层。
Radioactive material was mixed in/up (with) the effluent.   放射性物质被混入废水中。
Mix the eggs into the flour.   在面粉里加入鸡蛋混和。
In a large bowl, mix together the flour, sugar and raisins.   用一个大碗，将面粉、糖和葡萄干混合在一起。
[+ two objects] Shall I mix (= make) you a cocktail?   我帮你调一杯鸡尾酒好吗？
 IMPROVER  transitive 
■to have or do two or more things, such as activities or qualities, at the same time    把…结合起来，使同时进行
Some people are happy to mix business with/and pleasure, but I'm not one of them.   有些人喜欢寓工作于娱乐，但我不是那种人。verb 
BE WITH PEOPLE  交往  
intransitive 
■to be with or communicate well with other people    交往；相处；交际
I suppose you mix with a wide variety of people in your job.   我猜你工作时与各种各样的人打交道。
She mixes very well - perhaps that's why she's so popular.   她很会和人打交道，可能这就是她如此受欢迎的原因。verb 
RECORD MUSIC  录制音乐  
transitive specialized 
■to control the amounts of various sounds which are combined on a recording    混音verb 
be mixed up with/in sth usually disapproving 
■to be connected with a bad or unpleasant person or thing    卷入；与…有牵连
Please don't get mixed up with him. You'll regret it if you do.   请别和他混在一起，不然你会后悔的。
I knew someone who was mixed up in that corruption scandal.   我认识的某个人与那件贪污丑闻有牵连。verb 
mix your metaphors 
■to combine two or more metaphors , often producing a silly or humorous effect    混合隐喻（常产生愚蠢、滑稽效果）
Mixing his metaphors, he described the problem by saying "We've opened up a can of worms here, and now we have to get the genie back in the bottle".   他用混合隐喻形容面对的问题：“我们打开了一个‘虫罐子’，现在我们必须把精灵放回瓶里去。”verb 
mix it (US mix it up) informal 
■to fight or argue with people    打架；争吵
Don't take any notice of Sally - she just likes to mix it.   别理萨莉——她就是喜欢闹事。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] mix sb/sth up 
■to fail to recognise two people or things correctly by thinking that one person or thing is the other person or thing    混淆；把…弄错
People often mix us up because we look so similar.   人们常常把我们弄错，因为我们看起来很相像。
I think you're mixing me up with my sister.   我想你把我和我姐姐弄错了。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] mix sb up 
■to confuse, worry or upset someone    使（某人）不知所措；把（某人）搞糊涂
The roadworks mixed me up and I went the wrong way.   道路施工把我搞糊涂了，我走错路了。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] mix sth up 
■to make a group of things untidy or badly organized, or to move them into the wrong order    弄错，弄乱
Don't mix up the bottles - you'll have to repeat the experiment if you do.   别弄乱那些瓶子——如果乱了，你就要重做这个实验。
Your jigsaw puzzles and games are all mixed up together in that box.   你的拼图玩具和游戏用具都乱糟糟地混在那个盒子里。noun 
COMBINE  混合  
 IMPROVER  [C usually sing] 
■a combination    混合；结合
There was an odd mix of people at Patrick's party.   派翠克的派对上有形形色色的人。
"She's studying physics and philosophy." "That's an interesting mix."   “她在学习物理和哲学。”“这个组合很有趣。”
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable 
■something which is sold in the form of a powder and to which a liquid, such as water, can be added later 
  （常为粉状的）配料，混合料
cake/cement mix   蛋糕粉／水泥配料noun 
RECORD MUSIC  录音乐  
countable 
■a version of a recorded piece of music    混录，混音
A new mix of their hit single is due to be released early next month.   他们热门单曲的新混音版唱片定于下月初发行。



★☆☆   mixed
—————————————————
adjective 
■showing a mixture of different feelings or opinions    混合的；混杂的
There has been a mixed reaction to the changes.   对于那些变化有不同的反应。
■for both sexes    男女混合的
Our children go to a mixed school.   我们的孩子都念男女校。
Some of his jokes were too rude for mixed company (= a group where both males and females are present).   在有男有女的场合下，他的一些笑话就显得太粗鲁了。
■combining people of a different religion or race    不同宗教（或种族）混合的
a mixed marriage   异族通婚



★☆☆   mixed-ability
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■involving students of different levels of ability    学生能力不一的；为各种水准的学生的
mixed-ability teaching/classes   针对能力不同的学生的教学／学生能力水准不一的班级



★☆☆   mixed bag 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■a range of different things or people 
  （人或物的）混合体，大杂烩
There's a real mixed bag of people on the course.   场地上甚么人都有。



★☆☆   mixed blessing 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■something that has advantages and disadvantages    福祸参半的事物，利弊并存的事物
Getting into the team is a mixed blessing - it's good to have the place, but I'll have to spend a lot of time training.   加入这支球队有好处也有坏处——好处是有场地，坏处是我不得不花许多时间训练。



★☆☆   mixed doubles 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a game, for example a tennis game, in which each team consists of one female and one male player 
  （网球等的）混合双打



★☆☆   mixed economy 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an economic system in which some industries are controlled privately and some by the government    混合经济



★☆☆   mixed farming 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a method of farming in which crops are grown and animals are kept on the same farm 
  （耕作与牲畜饲养相结合的）混合农业



★☆☆   mixed feelings 
—————————————————
plural noun 
■If you have mixed feelings about something, you feel both pleased and not pleased about it at the same time    互相矛盾的感情，喜忧参半
I had mixed feelings about leaving home. I was excited but at the same time, I knew I would miss my family.   对于离家我的感情很矛盾。很兴奋，但与此同时，我知道我会想家。



★☆☆   mixed grill 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a meal in which several types of meat are served together which have been cooked under a grill (= a hot surface which you cook food under)    烤杂排



★☆☆   mixed metaphor 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■when two or more metaphors are combined, often producing a silly or humorous effect 
  （常产生愚蠢、滑稽效果的）混合隐喻
"The new job has allowed her to spread her wings and really blossom," is a mixed metaphor.   “新工作使她能大展鸿图，兴旺发展”是一个混合隐喻。



★☆☆   mixed-race
—————————————————
adjective 
■describes a person whose parents are of different races (= the groups that people are divided into according to their physical characteristics)    混血的
■involving people of different races    涉及不同种族的人的
mixed-race marriages   异族婚姻



