★☆☆   magnum opus 
—————————————————
noun only singular formal 
■the most important piece of work done by a writer or artist 
  （作家或艺术家的）代表作，力作
Picasso's Guernica is considered by many to be his magnum opus.   许多人认为《格尔尼卡》是毕卡索的代表作。



★☆☆   magpie
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a bird with black and white feathers and a long tail    鹊，喜鹊
Magpies are attracted to small shiny objects which they carry away to their nests.   喜鹊喜欢将亮闪闪的小东西带回巢去。
■someone who likes to collect many different types of objects, or use many different styles    收集各式物品的人；有多种不同风格的人



★☆☆   maharaja
—————————————————
(also maharajah) [&#x2CC;m&#x251;:.h&#x259;'r&#x251;:.d&#x292;&#x259;]
noun countable 
■in the past, the male ruler of an Indian state 
  （旧时印度的）土邦主



★☆☆   maharani
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a female maharaja or the wife of a maharaja 
  （旧时印度的）女土邦主；土邦主的妻子



★☆☆   mah-jong
—————————————————
(also mah-jongg) UK noun uncountable 
■a Chinese game in which players pick up and put down small painted pieces of wood or other material until they have the combination they want in order to win    麻将



★☆☆   mahogany
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a dark red-brown wood used to make furniture 
  （造家俱用的）红木，桃花心木
a handsome mahogany desk.   美观大方的红木书桌



★☆☆   maid
—————————————————
noun countable 
SERVANT  仆人  
■a woman who works as a servant in a hotel or in someone's home 
  （饭店的）女服务员；（家中的）女佣，女仆，侍女
In the beach resort, the apartments and villas have daily maid service.   海滩渡假胜地的公寓和别墅里每天都有女佣打扫。
In California many illegal immigrants work as maids, nannies and gardeners.   在加利福尼亚州，许多非法移民当女佣、保姆和园丁。noun countable 
GIRL  女孩     old use 
■a girl or young woman who is not married, or has not had sex    女孩，少女，（未婚的）年轻女子



★☆☆   maiden
—————————————————
noun countable 
WOMAN  女子     literary 
■a girl or young woman    女孩，少女，年轻女子
In the story, the prince woos and wins the fair maiden.   在故事里，王子向那位美丽的姑娘求婚，赢得了她的芳心。noun countable 
CRICKET  板球     (also maiden over) 
■an over in cricket in which no runs are scored 
  （板球中）未得分的一轮投球adjective [before noun] 
■of or about the first of its type    首次的，初次的
The Titanic sank on her maiden voyage.   “铁达尼”号在处女航时沉没了。



★☆☆   maiden aunt 
—————————————————
noun countable old-fashioned 
■an aunt who is not married and is no longer young    未婚老姑妈（或姨妈）



★☆☆   maidenhead
—————————————————
noun uncountable old use or literary 
■a woman's virginity    童贞，处女身分



★☆☆   maiden name 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■A woman's maiden name is the family name she has before she gets married. 
  （女子的）娘家姓



★☆☆   maiden speech 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the first formal speech made by a British Member of Parliament in the House of Commons or by a member of the House of Lords 
  （英国国会议员在下议院发表的）首次演说



★☆☆   maid of honour 
—————————————————
noun countable mainly US 
■the most important bridesmaid at a marriage ceremony    首席女傧相，伴娘



★☆☆   Mail
—————————————————
noun 
■used in the name of some newspapers    邮报（用于某些报纸名称中）
the Daily Mail   《每日邮报》
the Hull Mail   《赫尔邮报》



★☆☆   mail
—————————————————
noun 
POST  邮件  
 ESSENTIAL  [S or U] (mainly UK post) 
■the letters and parcels which are sent by post, or the postal system itself    邮件，信件；邮包；邮政（系统）
She spent the morning reading and answering her mail.   她花了一个上午处理信件。
All of our customers will be contacted by mail.   我们利用邮件方式联络所有的客户。
The book came in yesterday's mail.   书是昨天寄达的。
Some strange things get sent through the mail.   一些奇怪的东西经邮政系统寄了出去。noun 
COVERING  覆盖物  
uncountable 
■chain mail verb transitive mainly US (mainly UK post) 
■to send a letter or parcel or email something    邮寄；把…寄出
She mailed it last week but it still hasn't arrived.   上周她就把它寄出了，但还没有寄达。
[+ two objects] I promised to mail him the article/mail the article to him.   我答应过把文章寄给他。



★☆☆   mailbag
—————————————————
noun 
countable (UK also postbag) 
■a large strong bag used by the post office for transporting and carrying letters and parcels    邮袋，邮包
countable usually singular 
■the number of letters received at one time or on one subject    一批的邮件数量；关于同一主题的邮件数量
Since the controversial programme was broadcast, the BBC's mailbag has been bulging.   自从那次有争议的节目播出后，英国广播公司收到的邮件数量开始激增。



★☆☆   mailbox
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■in the US, a box outside a person's house where letters are put, or a postbox 
  （美国私人住宅外的）信箱；邮筒，邮箱



★☆☆   mail carrier 
—————————————————
noun countable (also letter carrier)    US for 
■postman 



★☆☆   Mailgram
—————————————————
noun countable    US trademark for 
■Telemessage 



★☆☆   mailing list 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a list of names and addresses kept by an organization so that it can send information and advertisements to the people on the list 
  （资讯和广告的）邮寄名单
I asked to be put on their mailing list.   我要求他们把我列入其邮寄名单。



★☆☆   mailman
—————————————————
noun countable (also mail carrier)    US for 
■postman 



★☆☆   mail merge 
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable specialized 
■the use of a computer to produce many copies of a letter, each copy with a different name and address stored on file, or a computer program that does this    电脑邮件合并（程式）



★☆☆   mail order 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a way of buying goods in which you choose what you want, usually from a catalogue , and it is sent to you    邮购
I often buy clothes by mail order.   我经常邮购衣服。
a mail-order catalogue/company   邮购目录／公司



★☆☆   mailshot
—————————————————
UK noun countable mainly UK (US usually mass mailing) 
■the posting of advertising or similar material to a lot of people at one time 
  （广告或类似物品的）大批邮寄，群发



★☆☆   mail slot 
—————————————————
noun countable US (UK letterbox) 
■a rectangular hole in the door or in a wall near the entrance of a house or other building, through which letters, etc. are put 
  （靠近房屋或其他建筑物入口处的门或墙上的）信箱



★☆☆   maim
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to injure a person so severely that a part of their body will no longer work as it should 
  （使）残废
Many children have been maimed for life by these bombs.   许多孩子被这些炸弹炸至重伤，终身残废。



★☆☆   main
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
 ESSENTIAL  
■larger, more important, or having more influence than others of the same type    主要的；最重要的；最大的
The main thing is not to worry.   最重要的是不要忧虑。
One of the main reasons I came to England was to study the language.   我到英格兰的主要原因之一是学习语言。
You'll find the main points of my proposal in the report.   你们可以在这份报告中看到我计划的要点。
Our main aim/objective is to improve the company's productivity.   我们的主要目的是提高公司的生产力。
The main problem in the health service is lack of resources.   公共医疗卫生服务的主要问题是缺乏资金。
My main concern about moving to London is the cost of housing.   我对移居伦敦的主要忧虑是房价太高。adjective [before noun] 
be sb's main squeeze US informal 
■to be the person that someone has a romantic or sexual relationship with    是某人的情人noun 
PIPE  管道  
countable 
■a large pipe which carries water or gas, or a wire carrying electricity, from one place to another, to which a house can be connected 
  （输送水、煤气的）主管道，总管；（输送电力的）干线
a gas main   煤气总管
The severe cold caused a water main to burst and flood the street.   严寒导致总水管爆裂，街道被淹。
mains    [plural] UK 
■the system of pipes or wires which carry water or electricity into a house, or the pipes which carry sewage away from a house 
  （输送水、电的）管道系统；下水道系统
The house isn't on the mains.   这座房子尚未接上管道系统。
They bought a house with no mains supply.   他们买了一座没有接上水电的房子。
mains electricity   供电系统的电力
the mains    UK 
■the place at which outside pipes or wires carrying water, electricity, etc. connect with the system inside a house or building    内外管道相接处；总阀门；总电源
Switch off the electricity at the mains before starting work.   工作前要先关闭总电源。noun 
MOSTLY  主要地  
in the main 
■generally or mostly    大体上；基本上
Her friends are teachers in the main.   她的朋友基本上都是老师。



★☆☆   main course 
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■the largest or most important part of a meal in which there are different parts served separately    主菜
I had salmon for my main course.   我主菜吃了鲑鱼。



★☆☆   main drag 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular US informal 
■the largest or most important road in a town 
  （城镇的）主要街道，大街
There's a great little restaurant just off the main drag.   就在这条大街附近有家很棒的小餐馆。



★☆☆   mainframe
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■a very large powerful computer with a lot of memory which many people can use at the same time 
  （大型电脑的）主机，大型机



★☆☆   main line 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an important railway route between large towns or cities 
  （铁路的）主干线
the main line between Belfast and Dublin   连接贝尔法斯特和都柏林的铁路干线



★☆☆   mainline
—————————————————
adjective 
COMMON  普遍的     usually US 
■involving beliefs, methods, etc. which are most common 
  （信念、方法等）主流的
mainline churches   主流教会
the rivalry between catalog companies and mainline stores   邮购公司和普通商店之间的竞争adjective 
RAILWAY  铁路  
■relating to an important railway route between large towns or cities 
  （铁路的）主干线的
Three mainline railway stations were closed because of bomb threats.   三个干线车站因炸弹威胁而关闭。verb intransitive or transitive    informal 
■to inject (= put into the body through a needle) drugs directly into the blood    静脉注射（毒品）
Several of her friends were mainlining heroin.   她有几个朋友注射海洛因。
By now she was mainlining.   她至今仍在注射毒品。



★☆☆   mainly
—————————————————
adverb 
 ESSENTIAL  
■usually or to a large degree    通常地；主要地；大部分地
I mainly go to bed around midnight.   我通常在午夜前后去睡觉。
The group is made up of mainly young people.   该团体主要由年轻人组成。
They argued that the tax will mainly benefit the rich.   他们争辩说这项税收将主要让富人受益。



★☆☆   main road 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a large road which goes from one town to another 
  （城镇之间的）大路，干道
Stick to the main roads and you won't get lost.   沿着大路走就不会迷路。
They live on the main road out of town.   他们住在城外的干道旁。



★☆☆   mainspring
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular formal 
■the most important reason for something; the thing that makes something else happen    主要原因；主要动力
Work was the mainspring of his life.   工作是他生活的主要动力。



★☆☆   mainstay
—————————————————
noun 
the mainstay of sth 
■the most important part of something, providing support for everything else    …的支柱；…的主要依靠
Cattle farming is the mainstay of the country's ecomony.   养牛业是这个国家的经济支柱。
The white blouse will be the mainstay of your wardrobe this summer.   白色短衬衫将是今年夏天你衣橱里的主要服装。



★☆☆   mainstream
—————————————————
adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■considered normal, and having or using ideas, beliefs, etc which are accepted by most people    主流的（常规思维，采用大多数人接受的思想、信念等）
This is the director's first mainstream Hollywood film.   这是该导演的首部好莱坞主流影片。noun 
the mainstream 
■the way of life or set of beliefs accepted by most people    主流（多数人的生活方式或信仰）
The new law should allow more disabled people to enter the mainstream of American life.   这部新法有望使更多的残疾人士融入美国的主流社会。verb transitive    US 
■to teach children with physical or mental problems in the same class as children without problems    让…融入主流教育（向身心有缺陷的儿童和正常儿童同堂授课）



★☆☆   main street 
—————————————————
noun countable    US for 
■high street 



★☆☆   maintain
—————————————————
verb transitive 
CONTINUE TO HAVE  继续有  
 ESSENTIAL  
■to continue to have; to keep in existence, or not allow to become less    维持；保持
The army has been brought in to maintain order in the region.   军队已调配到这个地区来维持秩序。
We have standards to maintain.   我们要坚持原则。
Despite living in different countries, the two families have maintained close links.   尽管住在不同的国家，两个家庭仍保持着紧密联系。
The film has maintained its position as the critics' favourite for another year.   这部电影再度获评论家评为年度最佳影片。verb transitive 
KEEP IN GOOD CONDITION  保养  
 ADVANCED  
■to keep a road, machine, building, etc. in good condition    维修；保养
A large house costs a lot to maintain.   保养一座大房子花费很高。
The roads around the town have been very poorly maintained.   城镇四周的道路保养得很差。verb transitive 
EXPRESS  表达  
 ADVANCED  
■to express firmly your belief that something is true    坚称；断言
Throughout his prison sentence Dunn has always maintained his innocence.   邓恩在监狱服刑期间一直坚称自己是无辜的。
[+ that] He maintains that he has never seen the woman before.   他坚称以前从未见过那位妇女。verb transitive 
PROVIDE  提供  
■to provide someone with food and whatever is necessary for them to live on    供养；抚养；赡养
They barely earn enough to maintain themselves and their four children.   他们赚的钱只够勉强养活自己和四个孩子。



★☆☆   maintenance
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
WORK  工作  
 IMPROVER  
■the work needed to keep a road, building, machine, etc. in good condition    维护，保养（保持道路、建筑、机器设备等处于良好状态的工作）
Old houses need a lot of maintenance.   老房子需要大量保养。
There are thorough maintenance checks on each plane before take-off.   每架飞机起飞前都要经过彻底的维修检查。
The magazine offers tips on cutting your house maintenance costs.   这本杂志教你一些降低房屋维修花费的妙计。noun uncountable 
MONEY  金钱  
■money that a person must pay regularly by law in order to support their child or previous marriage partner after a divorce (= official end to a marriage) 
  （法律规定离婚后须定期支付用以供养孩子或前配偶的）抚养费，生活费
He refused to pay maintenance for his three children.   他不肯支付三个孩子的抚养费。noun uncountable 
CONTINUE TO HAVE  维持  
■when something continues to exist or is not allowed to become less    维持；保持
the maintenance of living standards   生活水准的保持



★☆☆   maintenance order 
—————————————————
noun countable UK 
■an order made by a court of law that a person must pay maintenance    抚养令，供养令（法院判某人必须支付抚养费或生活费的命令）



★☆☆   main verb 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■in a clause, the verb that contains the meaning, compared with any auxiliary verbs that go with it    主要动词（句子中与助动词相比时有意义的动词）
In 'I should have been studying', 'studying' is the main verb.   在 I should have been studying 这个句子中，studying 是主要动词。



★☆☆   maisonette
—————————————————
noun countable UK 
■a small apartment on two levels which is part of a larger building but has its own entrance 
  （楼高两层、有单独出入口的）复式公寓套房



★☆☆   maitre d' (hotel)
—————————————————
UK noun countable formal 
■the person in charge of a restaurant or of the people who bring food to your table in a restaurant    餐厅经理；侍者领班



★☆☆   maize
—————————————————
noun uncountable UK (US corn) 
 ADVANCED  
■a tall plant grown in many parts of the world for its yellow seeds which are eaten as food, made into flour or fed to animals    玉蜀黍，玉米



★☆☆   majestic
—————————————————
adjective 
■beautiful, powerful or causing great admiration and respect    雄伟的；壮丽的；威严的
The majestic Montana scenery will leave you breathless.   蒙大拿州的壮丽景色会令你屏息凝神。



★☆☆   Majesty
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the title used to speak to or about a king or queen 
  （对国王、女王或皇后的尊称）陛下
I was invited to tea with Her Majesty the Queen.   我受邀与女王陛下共进下午茶。
their Majesties, the King and Queen of Spain   西班牙国王和皇后陛下
[as form of address] The performance begins at 8.30, (Your) Majesty.   演出八点半开始，陛下。



★☆☆   majesty
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■If something has majesty, it causes admiration and respect for its beauty    雄伟；壮丽；威严
This music has majesty, power and passion.   这首乐曲富有气势、力量和激情。
The photograph captures the sunset in all its majesty.   照片尽显落日的壮丽。



★☆☆   major
—————————————————
UK adjective 
IMPORTANT  重要的  
 ESSENTIAL  [before noun] 
■more important, bigger or more serious than others of the same type    较重要的；主要的；重大的
All of her major plays have been translated into English.   她的主要剧本都被译成了英文。
Sugar is a major cause of tooth decay.   糖是造成蛀牙的主要原因。
There are two problems with this situation, one major, one minor.   这个情况牵涉到两个问题，一个主要的，一个次要的。
Citrus fruits are a major source of vitamin C.   柑橘类水果是维生素C的重要来源。
There has been a major change in attitudes recently.   人们的态度近来有重大改变。
The United States is a major influence in the United Nations.   美国是联合国中具重大影响力的国家。    Compare minorUK adjective 
MUSIC  音乐  
[after noun] specialized 
■(of music) based on a scale in which there is a whole tone between the second and third notes and a half tone between the third and fourth notes    大调的，大音阶的
the key of C major   C大调
a concerto in A major   A 大调协奏曲    Compare minorUK noun countable 
OFFICER  军官  
■an officer of middle rank in the British, US and many other armed forces such as the US Air Force 
  （英军、美军及其他军队中的）少校
Her father was a major in the Scots Guards.   她父亲是苏格兰近卫团的少校。
I met Major Jones last year.   我去年见过钟斯少校。
[as form of address] Thank you, Major Jones.   谢谢你，钟斯少校。
■the rank above captain in the armed forces    少校（军队中高于上尉的军衔）UK noun countable 
SPECIAL SUBJECT  专门的学科     US 
■the most important subject that a college or university student is studying, or the student himself or herself 
  （大学生的）专业，主修课程；（大学专业的）主修学生
What is your major, English or French?   你主修英语还是法语？
She was a philosophy major at an Ivy League college.   她曾在一所长春藤大学主修哲学UK verb 
major in sth US 
■to study something as your main subject at university    主修，以…为专业
She majored in philosophy at Harvard.   她曾在哈佛大学主修哲学。



★☆☆   majordomo
—————————————————
UK  US (plural majordomos)
noun countable    old use 
■the most important servant in a house, in charge of the other servants    总管家，大管家
■US 
■a person whose job is to make arrangements or organize things for other people    管事
Can you ask the majordomo in the hotel to get tickets for the tennis match?   你能不能去请饭店里经理的去买网球赛的门票？



★☆☆   majorette
—————————————————
UK noun countable (also drum majorette) 
■a young woman or girl who wears a uniform and makes a pattern of movements with a baton (= stick) by spinning it and throwing it into the air, as part of a group of girls who do this or as the leader of a musical group    女子行进乐队指挥；女子行进乐队队员



★☆☆   major-general
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an officer of high rank in the British Army, US Army and many other armed forces such as the US Air Force 
  （英军、美军及其他许多军队的）少将



★☆☆   majority
—————————————————
UK noun 
NUMBER  数目  
 ESSENTIAL  only singular 
■the larger number or part of something    大多数，大部分
The majority of the employees have university degrees.   大部分员工都有大学文凭。
A large majority of people approve of the death sentence.   大多数人赞成死刑。
In Britain women are in the/a majority.   在英国，妇女占多数。    Compare minority 
countable 
■in an election, the difference in the number of votes between the winning person or group and the one that comes second    多数票（选举中胜者与第二名之间的选票差额）
The Socialists won by a narrow/large majority.   社会党党员获得的票数稍微／远远超出对手，在选举中获胜。UK noun 
AGE  年龄  
uncountable specialized 
■the age when you legally become an adult    成年；成年的法定年龄
the age of majority   法定成年年龄
She will inherit her father's estate when she reaches her majority.   她到法定年龄时将继承父亲的遗产。



★☆☆   majority rule 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the system of giving the largest group in a particular place or area the power to make decisions for everyone    多数裁定原则，少数服从多数原则
Government by majority rule can be a threat to minority rights.   多数派执政会危及少数派的权利。



★☆☆   majorly
—————————————————
UK adverb mainly US slang 
■very or extremely    非常；极
Have you seen Chrissie's new leather jacket? It's majorly cool.   你见过克里茜的新皮夹克吗？酷极了。



★☆☆   make
—————————————————
verb (made, made)
PRODUCE  生产  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to produce something, often using a particular substance or material    做；制作；制造
Shall I make some coffee?   我煮些咖啡好吗？
He'd made a chocolate cake.   他做了一个巧克力蛋糕。
She makes all her own clothes.   她所有的衣服都是自己做的。
[+ two objects] He made us some coffee./He made some coffee for us.   他为我们煮了些咖啡。
The pot is made to withstand high temperatures.   这个罐子经特别制作，能抵抗高温。
He works for a company that makes garden furniture.   他在一家生产庭院家俱的公司工作。
The label on the box said 'made in Taiwan'.   盒子上的标签写著「台湾制造”。
Butter is made out of/from milk.   奶油由牛奶制成。
earrings made of gold   金制的耳环
Her new trainer has promised to make an olympic athlete of her.   她的新教练承诺将她训练成奥运选手。
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■To make a film or television programme is to direct , produce it, or act in it    执导；制作；拍摄；出演
John Huston made some great films.   约翰•休斯顿执导过一些十分优秀的影片。
The film was made by Goldcrest Productions.   这部影片是由金冠制片公司制作的。
So why didn't Garbo make any films after 1941?   为甚么嘉宝1941年后就不再拍电影了？verb (made, made)
CAUSE  导致  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to cause something    造成；引起；导致
The kids made such a mess in the kitchen.   孩子将厨房弄得一团糟。
The bullet made a hole right through his chest.   子弹射穿了他的胸膛。
[+ infinitive without to] The wind is making my eyes water.   风吹得我眼睛直流泪。
What made you change your mind?   甚么使你改变了想法？
Just seeing Woody Allen's face is enough to make me laugh.   只要看一眼伍迪•艾伦的脸就足以使我发笑。
The photograph makes me look about 80!   照片上的我看起来都快80岁了！verb (made, made)
CAUSE TO BE  使成为  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to cause to be, to become or to appear as    使成为；使变成；使显得
[+ noun] It's the good weather that makes Spain such a popular tourist destination.   良好的气候使西班牙成为旅游胜地。
[R + past participle] She had to shout to make herself heard above the sound of the music.   她只有大声喊叫才能盖过音乐声让别人听到她的声音。
I can make myself understood in French, but I'm not fluent.   我说法语别人都明白，但说得不流利。
They went up to the Ambassador and made themselves known (to her).   他们走到大使面前，（向她）作了自我介绍。
[+ adj] The company accounts have not yet been made public.   公司账目至今尚未公开。
The book's advertised as "navigation made easy ".   这本书的广告宣传词是“航海不再难”。
The President has made Henry Paulson his Secretary of the Treasury.   总统已任命亨利‧保尔森为财政部长。
I'll have a steak - no, make that chicken.   我要一份牛排——不，改成鸡肉。
make certain/sure  ADVANCED  
■to take action so that you are certain that something happens, is true, etc    确定；确保
I'll just make sure I've turned the oven off.   我要确定一下是否关掉了烤箱。
Make certain (that) we have enough drink for the party.   我们要确保聚会上有足够的饮料。
Make sure you're home by midnight.   你务必要在午夜前回到家。
Jones made sure of his place in the side with three fine goals.   钟斯以三个漂亮的进球确保了他在队里的位置。
I think I locked the door but I'll go back and check just to make sure.   我想我把门锁上了，但还是要回去检查确认一下。verb (made, made)
PERFORM  执行  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to perform an action    作出…的举动
I must make a telephone call.   我必须打个电话。
Somebody has made a donation of £1 million to Oxfam.   有人向乐施会捐赠了100万英镑。
I need to make a trip to the shops.   我要去商店买点东西。
On foot they could only make about 20 miles a day.   步行的话他们每天只能走20英里左右。
We must make a decision by tomorrow.   到明天我们就必须作出决定。
You're not making any effort.   你一点都不努力。
Someone has made a mistake/an error.   有人犯了错误／出了差错。
We're making good progress.   我们进展顺利。
She has made a request for a new car.   她申请要一辆新汽车。
We made an offer of £150 000 for the house.   我们出价15万英镑买这座房子。
She made a short speech.   她作了简短的发言。
Shall we make a start on the work?   我们现在开始工作好吗？
Can I make a suggestion ?   我能否提个建议？
We made good time getting across town.   我们快速穿过了小镇。
There's a drunk at the door making trouble.   有个醉汉在门口闹事。
make room/space/way 
■If you make room/space/way for something or someone, you move or move other things, so that there is space for them.    腾出地方／让路verb (made, made)
FORCE  强迫  
make sb do sth 
 ESSENTIAL  
■to force someone or something to do something    强迫…做
You can't make him go if he doesn't want to.   如果他不想去，你不能强迫他去。
The vet put something down the dog's throat to make it vomit.   兽医为狗灌了些东西，迫使它呕吐。
be made to do sth 
 ESSENTIAL  
■to be forced to do something    被迫做
The prisoners are made to dig holes and fill them in again.   那些囚犯被强迫挖洞，然后再将之填平。
  Common Learner Errors   make sb do sth   When make has the meaning 'to force', it is followed by a verb in the infinitive without 'to'.   Do not say 'make someone to do something', say make someone do something.
✗ They made us to pay extra for the drinks.   They made us pay extra for the drinks.   Warning: in passive sentences, use the infinitive with 'to'.   Don't say 'be made do something', say be made to do something.verb (made, made)
BE OR BECOME  是／成为  
 IMPROVER  [L only + noun] 
■to be or become something, usually by having the necessary characteristics 
  （通常因有必需的特点而）成为，变为
I don't think he will ever make a (good) lawyer.   我认为他不能够当（好）律师。
He's a competent enough officer, but I doubt he'll ever make general.   他是个很能干的军官，但我怀疑他能否成为将军。
It's a story that would make a great film.   这是个能用来拍好电影的故事。
She decided the back room would make a good study.   她认为后面的房间很适合用作书房。
Champagne and caviar make a wonderful combination.   香槟和鱼子酱搭配起来棒极了。
The story makes fascinating reading.   这个故事读起来很精彩。
 IMPROVER  [L only + noun] 
■If people or things make a particular pattern, they are arranged in that way    形成；组成
Let's make a circle.   我们来围成一个圈。
Those seven bright stars make the shape of a saucepan.   那七颗明亮的星星构成一个长柄锅的形状。verb (made, made)
TOTAL  总数  
 IMPROVER  [L only + noun] transitive 
■to produce a total when added together    等于；合计为
12 and 12 make 24.   12加12等于24。
Today's earthquake makes five since the beginning of the year.   今天的地震是今年以来的第五次。
[+ obj + noun] I've got 29 different teapots in my collection - if I buy this one that'll make it 30.   我已经收集了29个各式各样的茶壶——如果买下这个，就有30个了。verb (made, made)
CALCULATE  计算  
 ADVANCED  transitive + object + noun 
■to calculate as    计算；估计
How much do you make the total?   你算出的总数是多少？
I make the answer (to be) 105.6.   我算出的答案是105.6。
What do you make the time?/What time do you make it?   你估计现在几点了？verb (made, made)
EARN/GET  赚得／获得  
 ADVANCED  transitive 
■to earn or get    赚得；获得
She makes $100 000 a year as a doctor.   她行医每年收入十万美元。
How do you make a living as a painter?   你当画家如何谋生？
The company has made huge profits/losses.   公司盈利丰厚／亏损严重。
He's very good at making new friends.   他善于结交新朋友。verb (made, made)
ARRIVE  到达  
 ADVANCED  transitive informal 
■to arrive at or reach, especially successfully 
  （尤指成功地）赶到，到达
She made it to the airport just in time to catch her plane.   她及时赶到机场，搭上了班机。
He made it to the bed and then collapsed.   他走到床边就倒下了。
Could you make a meeting at 8 am?/Could you make 8 am for the meeting?   能在早上八点见面吗？verb (made, made)
PERFECT  完美  
transitive informal 
■to cause to be perfect    使完美；完善
Those little bows round the neck really make the dress!   领口的小蝴蝶结确实为这条连身裙锦上添花！verb (made, made)
be made for sb/sth 
■to be exactly suitable for someone or something    和…是绝配
Paul and Ann were made for each other.   保罗和安是天造地设的一对。
This wallpaper's just made for my bedroom.   这种墙纸和我的卧室简直是绝配。verb (made, made)
be made of money 
■to be rich    富有
No you can't have another bike - I'm not made of money!   不行，你不能再买脚踏车了——我又不是富翁！verb (made, made)
Do you want to make something/anything of it? informal 
■something that you say to someone as a way of threatening or offering to fight them when they disagree with you    你想来真的吗？verb (made, made)


make 1	make sth up as you go along 
* to invent a story or a tune without having thought before about how it will end    随口编造verb (made, made)
make a day/night/evening/weekend of it 
■to make an activity longer or combine a series of activities so that they last for the whole of that particular period of time    花一天／夜／晚／个周末的时间做…
Let's make an evening of it and catch the last train home.   我们玩一个晚上，然后赶最后一班火车回家。
We don't get out often so we thought we'd make a day of it.   我们不常出来，所以决定要出来就呆上一整天。verb (made, made)
make as if to do sth 
■If you make as if to do something, you seem as if that is what you are going to do    好像要做；假装要做
He made as if to speak.   他似乎有话要说。verb (made, made)
make do 
■to manage to live without things that you would like to have or with things of a worse quality than you would like    凑合；将就
We didn't have cupboards so we made do with boxes.   我们没有橱柜，只好将就用箱子了。verb (made, made)
make it (to the top) 
■to be very successful    非常成功
She's very ambitious but I doubt she'll ever make it to the top.   她很有抱负，但我怀疑她究竟能否成功。verb (made, made)
make it up to sb 
■to do something good for someone you have upset, in order to become friends with them again    补偿（自己伤害了的人）
I'm sorry we can't take you with us, but I promise I'll make it up to you somehow.   很抱歉我们不能带你去，但我保证以后设法补偿你。verb (made, made)
make it with sb US informal 
■to have sex with someone    与（某人）性交verb (made, made)
make like US 
■to pretend    假装，装作
She made like she was about to leave, but then stayed for hours.   她装出要走的样子，可一呆又是几个小时。
Stop making like you know everything, OK?   别装作无所不知，好吗？verb (made, made)
make much/a lot of sb informal 
■to treat someone very well    对（某人）很好
His mother used to make much of him when he went home for holidays.   过去他放假回家时，母亲总是为他忙前忙后。verb (made, made)
make or break sth 
■to make something a success or a failure    成就或毁掉
Recognition by this organization can make or break a career.   获这个组织承认可能会成就事业，也可能会毁了事业。verb (made, made)
be make or break for sb/sth 
■to make someone or something a success or a failure    是…的成败关键
The Milan show will be make or break for his new designs.   米兰时装展将会决定他的新设计的成败。verb (made, made)
make time 
■to make certain you have some time when you are not busy in order to do something you think you should do    腾出时间
It's important to make time to read to your children.   腾出一点时间念书给你的孩子听很重要。
In a relationship you have to make time for each other.   恋爱中的男女必须为彼此挤出点时间。verb (made, made)
make to do sth formal 
■If you make to do something, you are just going to do it when something interrupts you    正想做（而被打断）
I made to leave but she called me back.   我正要离开，她把我叫了回去。verb (made, made)
what sb is (really) made of 
■how strong, clever or brave someone is 
  （某人）的真本事
The 1500 metres race next week will be a chance for her to show what she's made of.   下周的1500米赛跑是她大显身手的机会。verb (made, made)
  Phrasal Verbs   make for somewhere/sth 
■to go in the direction of a place or thing    走向；向…前进
They made for the centre of town.   他们向城镇中心进发。
⇨ See also make towardsverb (made, made)
  Phrasal Verbs   make for sth 
■to result in or make possible    导致；使成为可能
Having faster computers would make for a more efficient system.   配备速度更快的电脑可以提高系统的工作效率。verb (made, made)
  Phrasal Verbs   make sth into sth  IMPROVER  
■to change something into something else    把…变成
They've made the spare room into an office.   他们已把空置的房间改成办公室。verb (made, made)
  Phrasal Verbs   make of sth/sb 
■If you ask someone what they make of someone or something, you want to know their opinion about that person or thing, often because there is something strange about them    看待；理解
Can you make anything of this information?   你怎么看这个消息？
What do you make of the new boss?   你认为新老板如何？
I don't know what to make of it.   我不知道如何理解它才对。verb (made, made)
  Phrasal Verbs   make sth of sth 
make enough/much/more, etc. of sth 
■to give a particular level of value or importance to something    给予…足够／很多／更多等的重视
You should make more of your IT skills on the application form.   你填申请表时应该更加突出你的 IT 技能。
I think we make too much of the benefits of Western society.   我认为我们过分强调了西方社会的好处。    Compare make light of at lightverb (made, made)
  Phrasal Verbs   make off informal 
■to leave quickly, usually in order to escape    匆忙离开；（通常指）逃走
The burglars made off before the police arrived.   窃贼在警方赶到前逃走了。verb (made, made)
  Phrasal Verbs   make off with sth informal 
■to steal something    偷走
Somebody broke into the shop and made off with several TVs and videos.   有人闯入商店，偷走了几台电视机和录影机。verb (made, made)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] make sth/sb out 
■to see, hear or understand something or someone with difficulty 
  （费力）看出，听清，辨认出，弄懂
The numbers are too small - I can't make them out at all.   数字太小了——我根本看不清。
I can't make out your writing.   我看不懂你写了甚么。
She's a strange person - I can't make her out at all.   她是个怪人——我完全搞不懂她。
[+ question word] Nobody can make out why you should have been attacked.   没有人明白你为甚么遇击。verb (made, made)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] make sth out 
■to write all the necessary information on an official document    开出；填写
I made a cheque out for £20 to 'Henry's Supermarket'.   我开了一张20英镑的支票，抬头是“亨利超市”。verb (made, made)
  Phrasal Verbs   make out sth informal 
■to state, usually falsely, that something is true    声称；（通常指）谎称
[R + to infinitive] He made himself out to be a millionaire.   他谎称自己是百万富翁。
[+ to be] The British weather is not always as bad as it is made out to be.   英国的天气并非总是像人们所说的那样糟糕。
[+ (that)] He made out (that) he had been living in Paris all year.   他声称自己当年整年都住在巴黎。verb (made, made)
  Phrasal Verbs   make out US informal 
SUCCEED  
■to deal with a situation, usually in a successful way 
  （通常指成功地）处理，应付
How is Frances making out in her new job?   弗朗西丝的新工作做得怎么样？
The business made out better than expected in 1992 and profits were slightly up.   1992年企业经营状况比预期理想，利润略微上升。
HAVE SEX  
■to kiss and touch in a sexual way, or to succeed in having sex with someone    亲吻爱抚；性交
Boys at that age are only interested in making out with girls.   那个年纪的男孩只对和女孩亲热感兴趣。verb (made, made)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] make sth over to sb 
■to give something, such as money or land, to someone so that they legally own it    将…移交给（某人）；（以法律形式）把…转让给（某人）
Just before her death, she had made over $100 000 to her new husband.   就在临死之前，她将10万美元转给了新任丈夫。verb (made, made)
  Phrasal Verbs   make towards sth/sb mainly UK 
■to go in the direction of something or someone    向…走去，走向   


make 2	1. He made towards the door, but stopped and turned to face me.
 他向门口走去，但又停了下来，转身看着我。
⇨ See also make forverb (made, made)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] make sth up 
INVENT  
 IMPROVER  
■to invent something, such as an excuse or a story, often in order to deceive 
  （常为骗人而）编造（借口、故事等）
I made up an excuse about having to look after the kids.   我编了个借口，说必须照顾小孩。
My dad was always really good at making up stories.   我爸爸总是很善于编故事。
PREPARE  
■to prepare or arrange something by putting different things together    准备；安排；整理
Could you make up a list of all the things that need to be done?   你能否将要做的所有事情列张清单？
He asked the man behind the counter to make up a box with a mixed selection of chocolates.   他请售货员把多种巧克力拼凑起来，放好在盒子里。
The maid will make up your room later.   服务员稍后将打扫您的房间。
■specialized 
■to produce or prepare something from cloth 
  （用布）缝制，制作
We could use the rest of the material to make up some curtains.   我们可以用剩下的布料做些窗帘。
■specialized 
■If you make up a page, book or newspaper, you arrange the text and pictures in the form in which they will be printed.    为（页面、书或报纸）排版
■If you make up a bed for someone, you put sheets and covers on a bed so that they have a place to sleep in your home.    铺床
■UK 
■If you make up a fire, you prepare it or put more wood or coal on it when it is burning.    生（火）；给（火）添柴（或煤）
COMPLETE  
■to make an amount of something complete or correct    补充，补足
I have £20 000 and I need £25 000 but my parents have promised to make up the difference.   我有两万英镑，但我却需要两万五千，幸好父母答应帮我凑齐。
UK I suspect we were only invited to make up numbers (= to provide enough people).   我怀疑我们只是被邀请来充数的。
REPLACE  
■to reduce or replace something, usually an amount of time or work, that has been lost    补上；补偿；弥补；替代
We're hoping to make up time on the return journey by not stopping at night.   我们希望在回程时通宵赶路，以弥补失去了的时间。
You'll have to make up the work you've missed while you were away.   你必须补做缺勤期间本应完成的工作。verb (made, made)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] make (sb/sth) up 
■to put make-up on your face, or on another person's face, to improve or change its appearance 
  （为…）化妆；（给…）化装
She takes ages to make up in the mornings.   她每天早上花很长时间化妆。
For the film, they made him up as an Indian.   在这部电影中，他需要化装成印第安人。verb (made, made)
  Phrasal Verbs   make up sth 
■to form a particular thing, amount or number as a whole    组成，构成
Road accident victims make up almost a quarter of the hospital's patients.   车祸伤者几乎占了医院病人的四分之一。
The book is made up of a number of different articles.   这本书汇集了多篇文章。verb (made, made)
  Phrasal Verbs   make up (also make it up) 
■to forgive someone and be friendly with them again after an argument or disagreement    和解，言归于好
They kissed and made up, as usual.   像往常一样，他们亲个吻和好了。
We often quarrel but we always make it up soon after.   我们常常吵架，但总是很快就和好。verb (made, made)
  Phrasal Verbs   make up for sth  ADVANCED  
■to take the place of something lost or damaged or to compensate for something bad with something good    补偿，弥补
No amount of money can make up for the death of a child.   无论多少钱都无法补偿孩子的死。
This year's good harvest will make up for last year's bad one.   今年的丰收将弥补去年的歉收。
[+ -ing verb] He bought me dinner to make up for being so late the day before.   他请我吃晚餐，作为对前一天迟到的补偿。
make up for lost time 
■to enjoy an experience as much as possible because you did not have the opportunity to do it earlier in life    弥补失去的时光，尽情享受
I didn't travel much in my twenties but I'm certainly making up for lost time now.   我二十多岁时很少去旅行，现在一定要弥补失去的时光。verb (made, made)
  Phrasal Verbs   make up to sb UK disapproving 
■to be too friendly to someone or to praise them in order to get advantages    讨好，奉承，巴结（某人）
Have you seen the disgusting way she makes up to the boss?   你见过她巴结老板的丑态吗？verb (made, made)
  Phrasal Verbs   make with sth US old-fashioned slang 
■to give, bring or do something    给；带着；做
He pointed a gun and said "Make with the money bags, baby!"   他用枪指着对方说：“把钱袋给我，小子！”noun countable 
■a type of product or the name of the company which made it 
  （产品的）型号；品牌，牌子
What make is your stereo?   你的音响是甚么品牌的？noun countable 
be on the make disapproving 
■to be trying very hard to get more money and power    拚命追逐名利



★☆☆   make-believe
—————————————————
noun uncountable disapproving 
■believing in things that you want to believe because they are easy or exciting, but which are not real    虚幻，假想
The ideal of a perfectly fair society is just make-believe.   完全公平的社会只是一种厢情愿的想法。
He lives in a world of make-believe/make-believe world.   他生活在虚幻的世界里。



★☆☆   make-or-break
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes a situation that will bring great success or complete failure    不成则败的



★☆☆   makeover
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a set of changes that are intended to make a person or place more attractive 
  （个人形象的）大革新，改头换面；（地方的）翻新，改造
One of the prizes was a makeover at a top beauty salon.   奖品之一是顶级美容院提供的一项形象重塑服务。



★☆☆   maker
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 IMPROVER  
■the people or company that make something    制作者；制造者；制造商
They're the biggest maker of fast-food products in the UK.   他们是英国最大的速食产品供应商。
The makers of the film will want to see a decent return on their investment.   制片方希望影片能为其投资带来丰厚的回报。
your Maker 
■God    造物主，上帝
humorous He's gone to meet his Maker (= He has died).   他已经去见上帝了。



★☆☆   makeshift
—————————————————
adjective 
■temporary and of low quality, but used because of a sudden need    权宜的；临时代用的
Thousands of refugees are living in makeshift camps.   数千个难民居住在临时帐篷里。



★☆☆   make-up
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
FOR FACE  供面部使用  
 ADVANCED  
■coloured substances used on your face to improve or change your appearance    化妆品
I put on a little eye make-up.   我在眼部化了淡妆。
She wears a lot of make-up.   她化的妆很浓。noun uncountable 
PARTS  部分  
■The make-up of something or someone is the combination of things that form it    组成，构成
They argue that the membership of the Council does not reflect the racial make-up of the city.   他们争辩说议会的成员结构并未反映出这座城市的种族构成。
Organizational ability is not one of the most obvious parts of his make-up.   组织能力并不是他各项素质中最突出的一环。



★☆☆   makeweight
—————————————————
noun countable 
■something or someone, without much value of its own, that is added so that there is the correct amount or number    凑数的人（或物）；凑足份量之物
She may be the youngest member of the team, but she's no makeweight.   她可能是队里最年轻的成员，但决不是凑数的人。



★☆☆   making
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the activity or process of producing something    制造；制作；形成；产生
the art of film making   电影制作艺术
There's an article on the making of the series.   有一篇关于该系列片制作方面的文章。noun uncountable 
be an actor/athlete/chef, etc. in the making 
■to have the ability and interest to become an actor/athlete, etc. in the future    有成为演员／运动员／厨师等的素质noun uncountable 
be the making of sb 
■If something is the making of someone, it develops in them good qualities and characteristics which might not have developed without it    是成就（某人）的因素
Five years in the army - that'll be the making of him!   五年的军中生活——这样的经历会把他造就成材！noun uncountable 
have (all) the makings of sth 
■to seem likely to develop into something    具备成为…的（所有）素质
She has the makings of a great violinist.   她具备成为一名优秀小提琴手的所有素质。noun uncountable 
in the making 
■If something was a period of time in the making, it took that amount of time to make 
  （花某一段时间）完成，制造成，制作成
The film was several years in the making.   这部电影花了几年时间才制作完成。noun uncountable 
of your own making 
■your own fault 
  （某人）自找的，（某人）自作自受的
Any problems she has with that child are of her own making.   她和那个孩子之间的问题都是她自己造成的。



★☆☆   mal-
—————————————————
prefix formal 
■badly or wrongly    坏；不当；错误地
The disease rubella can cause pregnant women to have malformed babies.   德国麻疹可能导致孕妇产下畸形儿。



★☆☆   malachite
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a green stone used in jewellery and decoration    孔雀石，石绿



★☆☆   maladjusted
—————————————————
adjective 
■describes a person, usually a child, who has been raised in a way that does not prepare them well for the demands of life, which often leads to problems with behaviour in the future 
  （通常指儿童）不适应社会环境的，适应不良的
a residential school for disturbed and maladjusted children   为有心理障碍和适应不良的儿童开设的寄宿学校



★☆☆   maladministration
—————————————————
noun uncountable formal 
■lack of care, judgment or honesty in the management of something    管理不善；执政不公；弊政
Thousands of refugees are dying because of the incompetence and maladministration of local officials.   由于地方官员的无能和渎职，数千个难民目前命悬一线。



★☆☆   maladroit
—————————————————
adjective formal 
■awkward in movement or unskilled in behaviour or action    不灵巧的，笨拙的；不熟练的
She can be a little maladroit in social situations.   她在社交场合会显得有些笨拙。



★☆☆   malady
—————————————————
noun countable formal 
DISEASE  疾病  
■a disease    病，疾病
All the rose bushes seem to be suffering from the same mysterious malady.   所有的玫瑰丛似乎都得了同一种怪病。noun countable formal 
PROBLEM  问题  
■a problem within a system or organization 
  （系统或组织内部的）问题，弊病
Apathy is one of the maladies of modern society.   冷漠是现代社会的弊病之一。



★☆☆   Malagasy
—————————————————
noun countable adjective 
■Malagasy    马达加斯加人／马达加斯加的



★☆☆   malaise
—————————————————
noun [S or U] formal 
■a general feeling of being ill or having no energy, or an uncomfortable feeling that something is wrong, especially with society, and that you cannot change the situation    身体不适；萎靡；心神不宁；（尤指对社会的）不满，无奈
They claim it is a symptom of a deeper and more general malaise in society.   他们声称这表明了社会中人们更深层更广泛的不满。
We were discussing the roots of the current economic malaise.   我们在讨论当前经济萎靡不振的根源。



★☆☆   malapropism
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the wrong use of one word instead of another word because they sound similar to each other, and which is funny as a result    近音词误用



★☆☆   malaria
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a disease that you can get from the bite of a particular type of mosquito (= a small flying insect) which causes periods of fever and makes you feel very cold and shake. It is common in many hotter parts of the world.    疟疾



★☆☆   malarkey
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable informal 
■silly behaviour or nonsense    愚蠢行为；蠢话；废话
I like the socializing but I can't be bothered with the dressing up and all that malarkey.   我喜欢社交活动，但梳妆打扮这样的琐事却让我不胜其烦。



★☆☆   Malawi
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Malawi    马拉威



★☆☆   Malawian
—————————————————
noun countable adjective 
■Malawian    马拉威人／马拉威的



★☆☆   Malaysia
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Malaysia    马来西亚



★☆☆   Malaysian
—————————————————
UK noun countable adjective 
■Malaysian    马来西亚人／马来西亚的



★☆☆   malcontent
—————————————————
noun countable literary 
■a person who is not satisfied with the way things are, and who complains a lot and is unreasonable and difficult to deal with    不满者；满腹牢骚者



★☆☆   Maldivian
—————————————————
UK noun countable adjective 
■Maldivian    马尔地夫人／马尔地夫的



★☆☆   male
—————————————————
adjective 
SEX  性别  
 ESSENTIAL  
■describes men or boys, or the sex that fertilizes eggs, and does not produce babies or eggs itself    男（性）的；男子的；雄性的，公的
male students   男学生
a male giraffe   雄性长颈鹿
IT is very much a male-dominated industry.   资讯产业在很大程度上是男人的天下。
What percentage of the adult male population is unemployed?   成年男性中的失业比例是多少？
The male parts of the flower are the stamens and the anthers.   花的雄性部分是雄蕊和花药。
⇨ See also masculineadjective 
CONNECTING PART  连接部分     specialized 
■describes a piece of equipment that has a part which sticks out and can be fitted into a hollow part in another piece of equipment 
  （零件）阳的，凸形的，插入的
a male plug   阳插头    Compare femalenoun countable 
 IMPROVER  
■a boy, man, or male animal    雄性，男性
The male of the species is less aggressive.   这个物种的雄性攻击性较弱。
Among the bodies are two unidentified British males.   尸体中有两具属于身分不明的英国男子。



★☆☆   male bonding 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the forming of close friendships between men    男子情谊，男子之交



★☆☆   male chauvinist (pig) 
—————————————————
noun countable disapproving 
■a man who believes that women are naturally less important, intelligent or able than men, and so does not treat men and women equally    大男人主义者



★☆☆   malefactor
—————————————————
UK noun countable formal 
■a person who does bad or illegal things    作恶者，坏人；罪犯



★☆☆   male menopause 
—————————————————
noun uncountable mainly humorous 
■a state of mind experienced by some men about 40 or 50 years old in which they start to worry that they are not successful enough, and start to want suddenly to find a new job or a new partner    男性更年期（常见于40至50岁男子，自认为事业无成而忧虑，想换工作或找新的伴侣）



★☆☆   male organ 
—————————————————
noun countable    polite expression for 
■penis 



★☆☆   malevolent
—————————————————
adjective literary 
■causing or wanting to cause harm or evil    恶意的；恶毒的；有害的
The central character is a malevolent witch out for revenge.   主角是一个想复仇的恶毒女巫。
I could feel his malevolent gaze as I walked away.   我走开时感觉到他正恶狠狠地盯着我。



★☆☆   malfeasance
—————————————————
noun uncountable legal 
■an example of dishonest and illegal behaviour, especially by a person in authority 
  （尤指掌权者的）违法乱纪行为，渎职
Several cases of malpractice and malfeasance in the financial world are currently being investigated.   金融界的几个渎职违规案件目前正在调查之中。



★☆☆   malformation
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■the condition of being wrongly formed, or a part of something, such as part of the body, that is wrongly formed    畸形（体）；变形（体）
Exposure to radiation can lead to malformation of the embryo.   接触射线会导致胎儿畸形。
She was born critically ill with a severe malformation of the heart.   她出生时心脏严重畸形，生命垂危。



★☆☆   malfunction
—————————————————
 slightly formal 
verb intransitive 
■to fail to work or operate correctly    运转不正常，发生故障 slightly formal 
noun countable 
■a failure to work or operate correctly    失灵，故障
Shortly before the crash the pilot had reported a malfunction of the aircraft's navigation system.   就在飞机坠毁前不久，飞行员曾报告说导航系统失灵。



★☆☆   Mali
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Mali    马利



★☆☆   Malian
—————————————————
noun countable adjective 
■Malian    马利人／马利的



★☆☆   malice
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the wish to harm or upset other people    恶意，害人之心
There certainly wasn't any malice in her comments.   她的话绝对没有任何恶意。
formal I bear him no malice (= do not want to harm or upset him).   我对他没有恶意。
with malice aforethought legal 
■To illegally harm someone with malice aforethought is to have thought about it and planned it before acting.    蓄意犯罪；蓄意伤人



★☆☆   malicious
—————————————————
adjective 
■intended to harm or upset other people    恶意的，恶毒的，意在伤人的
malicious gossip   用意歹毒的流言蜚语
a malicious look in his eyes   他恶狠狠的眼神
He complained that he'd been receiving malicious telephone calls.   他抱怨说他接二连三地接到恶意骚扰电话。
legal He was charged with malicious wounding.   他被控蓄意伤人。



★☆☆   malign
—————————————————
adjective formal 
■causing or intending to cause harm or evil    恶意的；邪恶的；有害的
Foreign domination had a malign influence on local politics.   外国统治对当地政治造成了不良的影响。
She describes pornography as 'a malign industry'.   她将色情业描述为“邪恶的产业”。verb transitive often passive 
■to say false and unpleasant things about someone or to unfairly criticize them    诽谤，污蔑，中伤
She has recently been maligned in the gossip columns of several newspapers.   她最近受到几家报纸漫谈专栏的污蔑。
Much- maligned for their derivative style, the band are nevertheless enduringly popular.   尽管屡屡被指责抄袭他人的风格，这支乐队仍一直广受欢迎。



★☆☆   malignancy
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable specialized 
■a growth that is likely to get uncontrollably worse and lead to death; the state of being malignant    恶性肿瘤；（疾病或肿块的）恶性
The malignancy of these tumours makes them difficult to treat.   这些肿瘤是恶性的，很难治疗。
Tests revealed a malignancy that had to be removed.   检查发现了一个恶性肿瘤，必须切除。



★☆☆   malignant
—————————————————
adjective 
DISEASE  疾病  
■describes a disease or a growth that is likely to get uncontrollably worse and lead to death 
  （疾病或肿块）恶性的，致命的
The process by which malignant cancer cells multiply isn't fully understood.   人们尚未完全了解恶性癌细胞的繁殖过程。
Is the tumour malignant or benign?   肿瘤是恶性的还是良性的？    Compare benignadjective 
EVIL  邪恶的     formal 
■evil: having a strong wish to do harm    恶意的；邪恶的
He developed a malignant hatred for the land of his birth.   他对自己的故土产生了强烈的怨恨。



★☆☆   malinger
—————————————————
UK US disapproving 
verb intransitive 
■to pretend to be ill in order to avoid having to work 
  （为逃避工作）诈病，装病
And is he really ill or just malingering?   他是真的病了还是在装病？



★☆☆   mall
—————————————————
UK noun countable (also shopping mall) 
 ADVANCED  
■a large, usually covered, shopping area where cars are not allowed 
  （车辆不得入内的）商业街，购物中心
There are plans to build a new mall in the middle of town.   计划在市中心兴建一个新的购物中心。



★☆☆   mallard
—————————————————
UK noun countable (plural mallard or mallards)
■a wild duck that is common in Europe and North America    绿头鸭（常见于欧洲和北美的一种野鸭）
The male mallard has a green head and reddish-brown chest.   雄性绿头鸭的头部呈绿色，胸部呈红棕色。



★☆☆   malleable
—————————————————
adjective 
■describes a substance that is easily changed into a new shape    具延展性的；易变形的
Lead and tin are malleable metals.   铅和锡都是具延展性的金属。
■easily influenced, trained or controlled    易受外界影响的；可塑的；易被控制的
He had an actor's typically malleable features.   他具有演员典型的多变性格特征。
Europe saw its colonies as a source of raw material and a malleable workforce.   欧洲曾把其殖民地看作是原料和驯服劳动力的来源地。



★☆☆   mallee
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a tree of the eucalyptus group which does not grow tall and is found in desert areas of Australia    油桉（生长于澳大利亚沙漠地区的一种低矮桉树）



★☆☆   mallet
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a tool like a hammer with a large flat end made of wood or rubber, or a wooden hammer with a long handle used in sports such as croquet and polo    大头槌；（槌球、马球等运动中的）击球槌，球棍，球棒
⇨ See also hammer



★☆☆   malleus
—————————————————
noun [C usually sing] (plural mallei)    specialized 
■one of three very small bones that carry sound from the eardrum to the inner ear    锤骨（引导声波从耳膜传至内耳的三块小骨之一）
⇨ See also incus,stapes



★☆☆   mall rat 
—————————————————
noun countable US slang 
■a young person who goes to shopping malls (= large covered shopping areas) to spend time with their friends    和朋友结伴逛商场的年轻人



★☆☆   malnourished
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■weak and in bad health because of having too little food or too little of the types of food necessary for good health    营养不良的



★☆☆   malnutrition
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■physical weakness and bad health caused by having too little food, or too little of the types of food necessary for good health    营养不良
Many of the refugees are suffering from severe malnutrition.   许多难民严重营养不良。



★☆☆   malodorous
—————————————————
UK adjective formal 
■having an unpleasant smell    难闻的，恶臭的
The town is built on a malodorous swamp.   该镇建在一片恶臭的沼泽地上。



★☆☆   malpractice
—————————————————
noun uncountable specialized 
■failure to act correctly or legally when doing your job, often causing injury or loss    营私舞弊；怠忽职守，渎职
They are accused of medical/financial/electoral malpractice.   他们被控医疗疏忽／财务舞弊／选举舞弊。



★☆☆   malt
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■grain, usually barley , that has been left in water until it starts to grow and is then dried. It is used in the making of alcoholic drinks such as beer and whisky 
  （用于酿酒的）麦芽（通常指大麦芽）



★☆☆   Malta
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Malta    马尔他



★☆☆   malted milk 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a drink made from milk and malt    麦乳精饮料



★☆☆   Maltese
—————————————————
UK US  (plural Maltese)
noun countable 
■Maltese    马尔他人



★☆☆   Maltese cross
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a cross with four equal parts that get wider further from the centre    马尔他十字（形）（十字从中心向外渐宽）



★☆☆   malt extract 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a sweet dark sticky substance made from malt and used in food    麦芽膏，麦精



★☆☆   maltose
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable specialized 
■a type of sugar made in the body from starch by enzymes (= substances that cause chemical change)    麦芽糖（人体内的淀粉在酶作用下发生化学反应而生成的一种糖）



★☆☆   maltreat
—————————————————
 formal 
verb transitive 
■to treat someone cruelly or violently    粗暴地对待，虐待
He had been badly maltreated as a child.   他小时候曾被严重虐待。



★☆☆   malt whisky 
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable (also malt) 
■whisky made using malt rather than ordinary grain    麦芽威士卡
a fine Highland malt   特优苏格兰高地麦芽威士卡



★☆☆   malware
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■computer software that is designed to damage the way a computer works    恶意软体（为破坏电脑正常运作而设计的电脑软体）



★☆☆   mam
—————————————————
noun countable    Northern informal for 
■mum (MOTHER) 



★☆☆   mama
—————————————————
UK noun countable    UK old use or US informal 
■another word for mother    mother 的另一种说法
■US slang 
■a woman, especially an attractive one 
  （尤指有吸引力的）女子
There's a good-looking mama sitting at the bar.   吧台前坐着一位漂亮女子。



★☆☆   mama's boy
—————————————————
UK noun countable    US for 
■mummy's boy 



★☆☆   mamba
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a very poisonous snake that lives mainly in caves or trees in parts of Africa    树眼镜蛇，曼巴（一种巨毒蛇，主要生活在非洲部分地区的洞穴中或树上）



★☆☆   mammal
—————————————————
noun countable 
■any animal of which the female gives birth to babies, not eggs, and feeds them on milk from her own body    哺乳动物
Humans, dogs, elephants and dolphins are all mammals, but birds, fish and crocodiles are not.   人、狗、大象和海豚都是哺乳动物，而鸟、鱼和鳄鱼则不是。



★☆☆   mammary
—————————————————
UK adjective specialized 
■relating to the breasts or milk organs    乳房的；乳腺的



★☆☆   mammary gland 
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■an organ in a woman's breast that produces milk to feed a baby, or a similar organ in a female animal    乳腺



★☆☆   mammogram
—————————————————
noun countable (also mammograph) 
■an X-ray photograph of the breasts    乳房X光片



★☆☆   mammography
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the use of X-ray photographs of the breasts to help discover possible cancers 
  （检查肿瘤的）乳房X光造影检查



★☆☆   Mammon
—————————————————
noun uncountable literary 
■the force which makes people try to become as rich as possible and the belief that this is the most important thing in life    拜金主义；贪欲



★☆☆   mammoth
—————————————————
adjective 
■extremely large    巨大的；庞大的
Cleaning up the city-wide mess is going to be a mammoth task.   清扫全市范围内的垃圾将是一项艰巨的任务。
It's a mammoth undertaking - are you sure you have the resources to cope?   这是一项艰巨的任务——你肯定有能力完成吗？noun countable 
■a type of large elephant covered in hair that had tusks and no longer exists    猛犸（象），毛象（现已绝种）



★☆☆   mammy
—————————————————
noun countable    mainly US or Irish child's word 
■mother    妈妈
US offensive old-fashioned 
■a black woman whose job is to take care of white children    （照顾白人小孩的）黑人保姆



★☆☆   man
—————————————————
noun (plural men)
MALE  男子  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■an adult male human being    成年男子，男人
a young/tall man   年轻／高个子的男子
men and women   男人和女人
the man in the green jacket   穿绿夹克的男子
the men's 400 metres champion   男子400米赛跑冠军
Steve can solve anything - the man's a genius.   史蒂夫甚么疑难都解决得到——此人是个天才。
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a male employee, without particular rank or title 
  （没有明确职位或头衔的）男性员工
The gas company said they would send some men to fix the heating system.   煤气公司说会派人来修暖气。
The man from the BBC wrote some positive things about the film.   英国广播公司的人对影片作了正面的评价。
The military expedition was made up of 100 officers and men.   军事探险队由100名军官和士兵组成。
Our man in Washington sent us the news by fax yesterday.   我们驻华盛顿的同事昨天把这个消息传真过来。
old use My man (= male servant) will show you to the door.   我的男仆会送您到门口。
a marketing/advertising, etc. man 
■a man typical of or involved in marketing/advertising, etc.    市场行销／广告等人员
countable informal 
■a woman's husband or male partner    丈夫；情夫；男朋友
I hear she's got a new man.   我听说她找了个新男朋友。
Is there a man in her life?   她有男人吗？
■mainly US informal 
■used when talking to someone, especially a man 
  （用于称呼，尤指对男子）老兄，老弟，小伙子，朋友
Hey, man, how are you doing?   嘿，老兄，你好吗？
man and wife old-fashioned 
■If a man and a woman are man and wife, they are married to each other.    夫妻，夫妇
the man only singular    US slang 
■the police    员警noun (plural men)
PEOPLE  人  
uncountable 
■the human race    人类，人
Man is still far more intelligent than the cleverest robot.   人类仍远比最有智慧的机器人聪明。
Man is rapidly destroying the Earth.   人类正迅速毁灭地球。
This is one of the most dangerous substances known to man.   这是人类已知的最危险的物质之一。
Try to imagine what life must have been like for Neolithic man 10 000 years ago.   想像一下一万年前新石器时代的人的生活是甚么样子。
countable literary or old-fashioned 
■a person of either sex 
  （不论性别的）人
All men are equal in the sight of the law.   法律面前人人平等。noun (plural men)
OBJECT  物体  
countable 
■any of the objects that are moved or played with in games such as chess 
  （国际象棋等游戏中的）棋子noun (plural men)
as one man formal 
■If a group of people do something as one man they do it together at exactly the same time 
  （全体）一致地
As one man, the delegates made for the exit.   全体代表一起走向出口。noun (plural men)
It's every man for himself. 
■something that you say which means that everyone in a particular situation is trying to do what is best for themselves and no one is trying to help anyone else    人不为己，天诛地灭（指在某种特定场合，每个人都会尽力维护自己的利益，而不会帮助他人）
It might be a civilized place to shop at other times but come the January sales, it's every man for himself.   人们在购物时通常都能保持风度，但一月大减价则除外，这个时候，人不为己，天诛地灭。noun (plural men)
make a man (out) of sb 
■to cause a young man or boy to act like an adult and take responsibility    使（年轻人或男孩）具有男子气概；使长大成人
A couple of years in the army should make a man of him.   几年的军中生活会将他磨炼成男子汉。noun (plural men)
man and boy UK old-fashioned 
■all a man's life    从童年到成年；一辈子
From 1910 to 1970 he worked in that factory, man and boy.   从1910年到1970年，他一生都在那家工厂工作。noun (plural men)
be man enough to do sth 
■to be brave enough to do something    敢于
He was man enough to admit he had made a mistake.   他敢于承认自己所犯的错误。noun (plural men)
the man in the moon 
■(in children's stories) the human face that you can imagine you see when you look at the moon    月中人，月宫人（在儿童故事中，指看着月亮幻想所看到的人）noun (plural men)
(as) man to man 
■If two men talk (as) man to man, they talk seriously and honestly together as equals. 
  （谈话）开诚布公地，平等而坦率地noun (plural men)
man's best friend 
■a dog    狗noun (plural men)
man's inhumanity to man 
■the cruelty which people show to each other    人与人之间的冷酷
Man's inhumanity to man never fails to shock me.   人与人之间的残酷无情每每使我不寒而栗。noun (plural men)
a man's man 
■a man who enjoys men's activities and being with other men    男人中的男人（喜爱男性活动、喜欢和男性呆在一起的男子）
Terry's what you'd call a man's man - I don't expect you'd find him at the ballet too many nights a week.   特里是人们所说的男人中的男人——我想你不可能看见他一周好几个晚上都在看芭蕾舞。noun (plural men)
to a man 
■every person in a group    每人，全体无例外地
There were 400 people at the meeting and they all, to a man, voted in favour.   400人参加了会议，他们全都投了赞成票。noun (plural men)
You the man! US not standard 
■used to praise a man who has done something well 
  （用于称赞）做得不错，老兄！真有你的！verb transitive (-nn-)
■To man something such as a machine or vehicle is to be present in order to operate it    为…配备人手
The phones are manned 24 hours a day.   电话每天24小时都有人值班。
Barricades were erected against the advancing government troops and they were manned throughout the night.   设置了路障以阻挡政府军的前进，并且整夜有人看守。
Man the pumps!   派人看着抽水机！
⇨ See also overmanned;undermanned;unmannedexclamation informal 
■used as an exclamation, especially when you are expressing a strong emotion 
  （用作感叹词，尤用于表示强烈的感情）啊，呀，哈，嘿
Man, we had a good time - we drank all through the night!   嘿，我们昨晚真是尽兴，喝了一夜的酒！



★☆☆   man-about-town
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■a man who spends a lot of time in fashionable places, doing fashionable things    时尚男子



★☆☆   manacle
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to put manacles around a person's legs or arms    铐上（手铐、脚镣）
They had manacled her legs together.   他们把她的双腿铐在一起。
His arm was manacled to a ring on the wall.   他的手臂被铐在墙上的金属环上。



★☆☆   manacles
—————————————————
plural noun 
■two metal rings joined by a chain, used to prevent a prisoner from escaping by fastening the legs or arms    手铐；脚镣；镣铐



★☆☆   manage
—————————————————
verb 
SUCCEED  成功  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to succeed in doing something, especially something difficult    成功做到，顺利完成（尤指困难之事）
[+ to infinitive] Did you manage to get any bread?   你弄到面包了吗？
I only just managed to finish on time.   我勉强准时完成。
A small dog had somehow managed to survive the fire.   一只小狗在火灾中侥幸逃生。
I can't manage all this work on my own.   我自己无法独自完成全部工作。
Don't worry about us - we'll manage!   别担心我们——我们应付得了的！
Can you manage dinner on Saturday (= Will you be able to come to dinner) ?   你星期六能来吃晚餐吗？
mainly UK I'm afraid I can't manage the time (= I'm too busy) to see you at the moment.   恐怕我现在抽不出时间去见你。
intransitive 
■to succeed in living on a small amount of money    勉强生活下去，勉强度日
After she lost her job, they had to manage on his salary.   她失业后，他们不得不靠他的薪水勉强过活。verb 
CONTROL  控制  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to be responsible for controlling or organizing someone or something especially a business    管理，掌管；经营（尤指企业）
Has she had any experience of managing large projects?   她有负责大型专案计划的经验吗？
He's not very good at managing people.   他不是很善于管理别人。
His job involved managing large investment funds.   他的工作涉及管理巨额投资基金。
When you have a job as well as children to look after, you have to learn how to manage your time.   如果你既要工作又要照顾孩子，就必须学会如何分配时间。
⇨ See also mismanage



★☆☆   manageable
—————————————————
adjective 
■easy or possible to deal with    易处理的；易办的；可应付的
The work has been divided into smaller, more manageable sections.   这项工作被细分成几个较易处理的小部分。
Government targets for increased productivity are described as "tough but manageable".   政府提高生产力的目标被形容为“艰巨但终可实现”。



★☆☆   management
—————————————————
noun 
 ESSENTIAL  uncountable 
■the control and organization of something    管理；经营
The company has suffered from several years of bad management.   公司数年来一直经营不善。
There is a need for stricter financial management.   有必要加强财务管理。
a management training scheme   管理培训计划
countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■the group of people responsible for controlling and organizing a company    管理层，资方
Management has/have offered staff a 3% pay increase.   资方提出为职工加薪3%。



★☆☆   management consultant 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■someone whose job is to give advice to companies about the best way of managing and improving their businesses    管理咨询师（为企业提供管理和发展业务的最佳建议的人）



★☆☆   manager
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the person who is responsible for managing an organization    经理；主管
a bank manager   银行经理
a station manager   车站主管
the production manager   生产部经理
I wish to speak to the manager.   我想找经理谈谈。
■the person whose job is to organize and sometimes train a sports team 
  （运动队的）经理，主教练
a football manager   足球队经理
■The manager of a singer, actor or other performer is a person whose job is to arrange the business part of their work. 
  （歌手、演员或其他表演者的）经纪人



★☆☆   manageress
—————————————————
UK noun countable old-fashioned 
■a female manager    女经理；女主管



★☆☆   managerial
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■relating to a manager or management    经理的；管理的；经营上的
managerial responsibilities/decisions/skills   管理责任／决策／技巧



★☆☆   managing director 
—————————————————
noun countable (abbreviation MD) UK 
 ADVANCED  
■the person in charge of the way a company operates 
  （公司的）总裁，总经理
There's a board of five directors, but she is the Managing Director.   董事会有五名成员，但她是总裁。



★☆☆   man bag 
—————————————————
noun countable informal 
■a bag that a man uses for carrying his money, keys, mobile phone, etc    男用包包（男士用来携带现金、钥匙、行动电话等物品用的包）



★☆☆   man breasts
—————————————————
(also man-breasts) 
plural noun informal 
■fat on a man's chest that makes it look as though he has a woman's breasts    男性乳房（男人胸部脂肪过多，使之看起来跟女的很像）



★☆☆   Mancunian
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person from Manchester, a city in the north of England    曼彻斯特人



★☆☆   mandarin
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
FRUIT  水果     (also mandarin orange) 
■a small sweet type of orange but with a thinner, looser skin    柑橘UK noun countable 
OFFICIAL  公务员     mainly disapproving 
■a person who has a very important job in the government, and who is sometimes considered to be too powerful    官僚，政界要人
It often seems that true power lies with the Civil Service mandarins, rather than MPs and cabinet ministers.   实权似乎往往掌握在行政机构的高官手中，而不是议员或内阁部长手中。



★☆☆   Mandarin (Chinese)
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■one of the two main types of the Chinese language and the official language in China and Taiwan 
  （中国的）国语，官话，普通话



★☆☆   mandate
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
AUTHORITY  权力  
■the authority given to an elected group of people, such as a government, to perform an action or govern a country    授权；委任
At the forthcoming elections, the government will be seeking a fresh mandate from the people.   在即将举行的选举中，政府将向人民寻求新的支持。
[+ to infinitive] The president secured the Congressional mandate to go to war by three votes.   总统以三票的优势获得了国会对开战的授权。noun countable usually singular 
AREA NAME  地方名称     specialized 
■the name of an area of land which has been given to a country by the UN , following or as part of a peace agreement 
  （联合国授权某国管理的）托管地verb transitive 
GIVE PERMISSION  批准  
■to give official permission for something to happen    正式批准，授权进行
The UN rush to mandate war totally ruled out any alternatives.   联合国匆匆授权开战，完全排除了其他选择。verb transitive 
ORDER  命令     mainly US 
■to order someone to do something    命令；要求
[+ to infinitive] Our delegates have been mandated to vote against the proposal at the conference.   我们的代表受命在会议上对提案投反对票。



★☆☆   mandatory
—————————————————
UK adjective formal 
■describes something which must be done, or which is demanded by law    强制的；必须履行的；法定的
The minister is calling for mandatory prison sentences for people who assault police officers.   部长呼吁把袭警者须受的惩罚定为强制监禁。
Athletes must undergo a mandatory drugs test before competing in the championship.   运动员在参加锦标赛前必须接受强制性药检。
In 1991, the British government made it mandatory to wear rear seat belts in cars.   1991年，英国政府强制要求汽车后座乘客佩带安全带。



★☆☆   mandible
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■in a person or animal, the lower jaw bone 
  （人或动物的）下颚骨
■in insects, one of the two parts of the mouth used for biting and cutting food    上颚（昆虫嘴的两部分之一，用于切割和撕咬食物）



★☆☆   mandolin
—————————————————
(also mandoline) [&#x2CC;m&#xE6;n.d&#x259;'l&#x26A;n]
noun countable 
■a musical instrument with four pairs of metal strings and a round back    曼陀林（一种乐器，有四组弦，背部呈圆形）



★☆☆   mandrake
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a plant with purple flowers and a root which is divided into two parts    风茄，毒参茄，曼德拉草



★☆☆   mandrill
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a large West African monkey which has a red and blue face and a very short tail    山魈（西非大型猴子，脸部红蓝相间，尾很短）



★☆☆   mane
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the long thick hair that grows along the top of a horse's neck or around the face and neck of a lion 
  （马）鬃；（狮）鬣
■thick long hair on a person's head 
  （人的）浓密的长发
The painting depicts a beautiful young man with a flowing mane of red hair.   画中描绘了一位英俊的年轻人，留着一头飘逸的红色长发。



★☆☆   man-eater
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
WOMAN  妇女     humorous 
■a woman who uses men to have a series of sexual relationships without loving them    仅把男子当作性工具的女子，荡妇UK noun countable 
ANIMAL  动物  
■an animal that can kill and eat a person    吃人的动物



★☆☆   maneuver
—————————————————
UK noun countable verb intransitive or transitive    US for 
■manoeuvre 



★☆☆   man Friday 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a male helper who is loyal and can be trusted    忠实的男助手



★☆☆   manfully
—————————————————
adverb 
■with determination and bravery, despite great problems    勇敢坚定地；有男子气概地
The actors struggled manfully with some of the worst lines of dialogue ever written.   演员都勉力念着那些糟糕透顶的对白。



★☆☆   manga
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■Japanese comic books that tell stories in pictures    日本漫画，日本动画（常含有性和暴力内容）



★☆☆   manganese
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a grey-white metallic element, used in the process of making steel 
  （化学元素）锰



★☆☆   mange
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■an infectious disease in animals that have hair, such as dogs and cats, which makes hair fall out and causes areas of rough skin    兽疥癣



★☆☆   manger
—————————————————
UK noun countable old use 
■an open box from which cattle and horses feed 
  （牛马的）食槽，饲料槽



★☆☆   mangetout
—————————————————
noun countable usually plural UK (US snow pea) 
■the sweet flat pods of a particular type of pea which are picked and eaten whole    嫩豌豆



★☆☆   mangle
—————————————————
verb 
transitive often passive 
■to destroy something by twisting it with force or tearing it into pieces so that its original form is completely changed    绞坏；撕烂
My sweater got mangled in the washing machine.   我的毛衣被洗衣机绞坏了。
His arm was mangled in the machine.   他的手臂被机器绞得血肉模糊。
transitive 
■If you mangle a speech or a piece of written work, you make so many mistakes that you completely spoil it 
  （因错误太多而）损坏，弄糟
As he read the poem out loud, he mangled the rhythm so badly that it scarcely made any sense.   他朗读这首诗时完全不合韵律，致使诗歌听上去毫无意义。noun countable (also wringer) 
■a machine used for pressing water out of clothes by putting the clothes between two heavy smooth round bars    轧布机，衣物轧干机



★☆☆   mango
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable (plural mangoes or mangos)
■an oval tropical fruit with a smooth skin, juicy orange-yellow flesh and a large hard seed in the middle    芒果



★☆☆   mango chutney 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a sweet pickle eaten with South Asian food    芒果甜酸酱（配南亚菜吃）



★☆☆   mangrove
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a tropical tree, found near water, whose twisted roots grow partly above ground    红树（一种热带乔木，生于水边，盘错交织的部分根部露于地上）
a mangrove swamp   红树沼泽地



★☆☆   mangy
—————————————————
adjective 
ANIMAL  动物  
■suffering from mange    患兽疥癣的
a thin mangy dog   瘦瘦的癞皮狗adjective 
OLD/DIRTY  残破的     informal 
■describes something that is old and dirty and has been used a lot    破旧的；肮脏的
We need to get rid of that mangy old carpet in the bedroom.   我们要扔掉卧室里那张又破又旧的地毯。



★☆☆   manhandle
—————————————————
verb transitive 
HANDLE ROUGHLY  粗暴处理  
■to touch or hold someone roughly and with force, often when taking them somewhere 
  （粗暴地）对待，推挤
There were complaints that the police had manhandled some of the demonstrators.   有人投诉警方粗暴对待一些示威者。verb transitive 
MOVE  移动  
■to move something using the physical strength of the body    用人力搬动
Several pieces of heavy equipment had to be manhandled into the lorry.   几件重型设备必须由人力搬上卡车。



★☆☆   manhattan
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a type of alcoholic drink    曼哈顿鸡尾酒
A manhattan contains whisky and vermouth.   曼哈顿鸡尾酒含有威士卡和苦艾酒。



★☆☆   manhole
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a covered opening in a road which a worker can enter in order to reach underground pipes, wires or drains which need to be examined or repaired 
  （地下管道或下水道供人出入检修的）人孔，检修孔，检查井
a manhole cover   检查井盖



★☆☆   manhood
—————————————————
noun 
uncountable 
■the state of being a man 
  （男性的）成年（期）
The story is seen through the eyes of a boy on the verge of manhood.   故事是从一个快成年的男孩的角度写的。
A celebration is held for the boy at the age when he is considered to have reached manhood.   男孩到了公认为已届成年的年龄时，人们会为他举行一个庆祝仪式。
uncountable 
■the qualities that are considered typical of a man    男子气概，男子气
Tall, square-jawed and handsome, this young actor is Hollywood's ideal of manhood.   这个青年男演员高大英俊、下巴方正，是好莱坞男子汉形象的模范。
uncountable literary 
■men, especially all the men of a particular country    男子（尤指某一国家的全部男子）
The flower of the nation's manhood (= the best young men in the country) was killed in the war.   这个国家最优秀的青年男子都死于战争。
uncountable mainly humorous 
■a man's ability to express or experience sexual feelings 
  （男子的）性能力
Why do you think he needs to have so many women around him - is it just a way of proving his manhood?   你觉得他需要那么多女人在身边是为甚么——只是为了证明他的性能力？
only singular humorous 
■penis    阴茎
Careful you don't trap your manhood in your zip!   小心拉拉链，别夹住你的命根子！



★☆☆   manhour
—————————————————
UK noun countable (also person hour) 
■the amount of work done by one person in one hour    工时（一个人一小时完成的工作量）
Just think how many manhours we could save if we computerized the system.   想想如果把系统电脑化了，我们会节省多少个工时。



★☆☆   manhunt
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an organized search for a person, especially a criminal 
  （尤指对罪犯的）搜捕，追捕
The police have launched a manhunt after the body of a six-year-old boy was found last night.   昨晚发现一具六岁男孩的尸体后，警方已展开搜捕行动。



★☆☆   mania
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
STRONG INTEREST  强烈的兴趣     disapproving 
■a very strong interest in something which fills a person's mind or uses up all their time    狂热；热衷
So why your sudden mania for exercise?   你为甚么突然热衷于锻炼了？
The article describes the religious mania which is sweeping the US.   文章描述了席卷美国的宗教狂热。noun countable or uncountable 
MENTAL ILLNESS  心理疾病  
■a state in which someone directs all their attention to one particular thing    痴迷；…狂；…癖
Van Gogh suffered from acute persecution mania.   梵谷患有严重的被害妄想症。
She's always cleaning - it's like a mania with her.   她总是不停在清扫——好像有洁癖。
specialized 
■a state of extreme physical and mental activity, often involving a loss of judgment and periods of euphoria    躁狂症



★☆☆   maniac
—————————————————
noun countable 
STRONG INTEREST  强烈兴趣     informal 
■a person who has a very strong interest in a particular activity    入迷的人，狂热爱好者
a football/sex maniac   足球迷／色情狂noun countable 
MENTALLY ILL PERSON  疯子  
■a person who behaves in an uncontrolled way, not worrying about risks or danger    疯子；狂人
Some maniac was running down the street waving a massive metal bar.   有个疯子挥着一根粗粗的金属棒在街上奔跑。
informal I won't get in the car with Richard - he drives like a maniac!   我不会坐理查的车——他开起车来像个疯子！noun countable 
like a maniac 
■If someone works or exercises like a maniac, they work or exercise extremely hard. 
  （工作或锻炼）狂热地，极其努力地



★☆☆   maniacal
—————————————————
adjective 
■describes a cry or laugh that is loud and wild 
  （哭或笑）狂野的，肆无忌惮的
He suddenly exploded into maniacal laughter.   他突然发出一阵狂笑。



★☆☆   manic
—————————————————
adjective 
■very excited or anxious (= worried and nervous) in a way that causes you to be very physically active    十分兴奋的；躁狂的；焦躁不安的
He's a bit manic - I wish he'd calm down.   他有些焦躁不安——我希望他能平静下来。



★☆☆   manic depression 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a mental illness causing someone to change from being extremely happy and excited to being extremely sad    躁狂抑郁症
He suffers from manic depression.   他患有躁狂抑郁症。



★☆☆   manic depressive 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person who has manic depression    躁狂抑郁症患者



★☆☆   manicure
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■(a) treatment for the hands which involves softening the skin and making the nails look better by cutting, smoothing and possibly painting them    修指甲；指甲护理    Compare pedicure



★☆☆   manicured
—————————————————
UK adjective 
HANDS  手  
■having had a manicure    修过指甲的
He has very well- manicured hands.   他双手的指甲修剪得很整齐。UK adjective 
TIDY  整洁  
■If something, such as a garden, is manicured, it is well cared for and looks very tidy 
  （花园等）受到悉心护理的
The hotel is surrounded by perfectly manicured gardens.   饭店四周是经悉心打理的花园。



★☆☆   manicure set 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a set of small tools which are used for cutting and smoothing the nails    一套修指甲用具



★☆☆   manicurist
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person whose job it is to give people manicures    指甲美容师



★☆☆   manifest
—————————————————
 formal 
verb transitive 
LIST OF PEOPLE  
■to show something clearly, through signs or actions    显示；表现；表明
The workers chose to manifest their dissatisfaction in a series of strikes.   工人决定藉一连串罢工来表达他们的不满。
The illness first manifested itself in/as severe stomach pains.   这种疾病最初表现为严重的胃痛。
Lack of confidence in the company manifested itself in a fall in the share price.   人们对公司缺乏信心，股价下跌正好显示此情况。 formal 
adjective 
■easily noticed or obvious    明显的，显而易见的
manifest relief   显而易见的放松
manifest lack of interest   明显的缺乏兴趣



★☆☆   manifestation
—————————————————
noun formal 
countable 
■a sign of something existing or happening    显示；表明
She claimed that the rise in unemployment was just a further manifestation of the government's incompetence.   她声称失业率上升进一步表明了政府的无能。
uncountable 
■appearance    表现；显现
Unlike acid rain or deforestation, global warming has no visible manifestation.   不同于酸雨和森林砍伐，全球暖化并没有明显可见的表像。



★☆☆   manifestly
—————————————————
adverb formal 
■very obviously    明显地，显然地
He claims that he is completely committed to the project and yet this is manifestly untrue.   他声称对专案计划尽心尽力，但这显然不是事实。
The government has manifestly failed to raise educational standards, despite its commitment to do so.   尽管政府承诺要提高教育品质，但显然未能做到。



★☆☆   manifesto
—————————————————
UK noun countable (plural manifestos or manifestoes)
■a written statement of the beliefs, aims and policies of an organization, especially a political party 
  （尤指政党的）宣言
In their election manifesto, the Liberal Democrats proposed increasing taxes to pay for improvements in education.   在竞选宣言中，自由民主党提出增加税收以支付改善教育所需的费用。



★☆☆   manifold
—————————————————
UK adjective formal 
■many and of several different types    繁多的，多种多样的
Despite her manifold faults, she was a strong leader.   尽管有许多缺点，她仍是个强而有力的领导人。UK noun countable specialized 
■a pipe or closed space in a machine which has several openings, allowing liquids and gases to enter and leave    多支管；歧管



★☆☆   manikin
—————————————————
(also mannikin) ['m&#xE6;n.&#x259;.k&#x26A;n]
noun countable 
MODEL  模型  
■a model of the human body, used for teaching medical or art students 
  （医学、艺术教学用的）人体模型(also mannikin) ['m&#xE6;n.&#x259;.k&#x26A;n]
noun countable 
MAN  人     old-fashioned 
■a very short man    矮子，侏儒
Manikins often appear in children's stories.   小矮人常出现在儿童故事里。



★☆☆   manila
—————————————————
(also manilla) [m&#x259;'n&#x26A;l.&#x259;]
adjective 
■made of strong brown paper    马尼拉纸制的
manila envelopes   马尼拉纸信封



★☆☆   manioc
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable specialized 
■a South American plant with large roots, or a type of flour made from these roots; cassava    树薯（一种南美植物，有巨大的根）；树薯粉（由这种根制成的面粉）；木薯



★☆☆   manipulate
—————————————————
verb transitive 
INFLUENCE  影响     mainly disapproving 
■to control something or someone to your advantage, often unfairly or dishonestly 
  （常指以不正当手段）操纵，控制
Throughout her career she has very successfully manipulated the media.   她在整个职业生涯中非常成功地控制了媒体。
The opposition leader accused government ministers of manipulating the statistics to suit themselves.   反对派领导人指责政府部长篡改统计数据以满足自身利益。verb transitive 
USE HANDS  用手  
■to control something using the hands 
  （用手）操纵，控制
The wheelchair is designed so that it is easy to manipulate.   轮椅设计得很容易操纵。
■to treat a part of the body, using the hands to push back bones into the correct position and put pressure on muscles    用推拿治疗；推拿正（骨）
The doctor manipulated the base of my spine and the pain disappeared completely.   医生推拿了我的脊椎底部，疼痛就完全消失了。



★☆☆   manipulation
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
INFLUENCE  影响     mainly disapproving 
■controlling someone or something to your own advantage, often unfairly or dishonestly    操纵（为了个人利益而控制某人或某事，尤指利用不公平或不诚实的方式）
They have been accused of fraud and stock market manipulations.   他们被控欺诈和操纵股市。
There's been so much media manipulation of the facts that nobody knows the truth of the matter.   媒体操控得太厉害，没有人知道事情的真相。
The opposition party claims the president returned to power through political manipulation.   反对党声称总统透过政治操纵重新执政。noun countable or uncountable 
BODY TREATMENT  身体护理  
■treatment of a part of the body using the hands    推拿（运用双手来治疗身体某一部分的不适）
Osteopathy involves massage and manipulation of the bones and joints.   整骨术包括对骨头和关节进行按摩和推拿。



★☆☆   manipulative
—————————————————
UK adjective mainly disapproving 
■describes someone who tries to control people to their advantage    试图控制他人的，有控制欲的
Even as a child she was manipulative and knew how to get her own way.   她还是个孩子的时候就喜欢控制他人，知道如何达到目的。



★☆☆   manipulator
—————————————————
UK noun countable mainly disapproving 
■a person who controls people to their own advantage, often unfairly or dishonestly    操纵者（为了个人利益而控制某人或某事的人，尤指利用不公平或不诚实的方式）
She was, said the judge, a ruthless and scheming manipulator.   法官说她是个无情的阴谋操纵家。



★☆☆   mankind
—————————————————
noun uncountable (also humankind) 
■the whole of the human race, including both men and women    人类
Mankind has always been obsessed by power.   人类总是迷恋权力。    Compare womankind



★☆☆   manky
—————————————————
adjective UK informal 
■describes an object that is unpleasantly dirty, usually because it is old or has been used a lot 
  （通常因陈旧或使用过多而）肮脏的
a manky tissue   脏纸巾
manky old carpets   肮脏的旧地毯



★☆☆   manly
—————————————————
adjective approving 
■having the qualities which people think a man should have    具有男子气概的
He has such a manly voice.   他的嗓音很有男子气。
My mother used to tell me it wasn't manly for little boys to cry.   我母亲过去常说哭哭啼啼的小男孩不是男子汉。



★☆☆   man-made
—————————————————
adjective 
■artificial rather than natural    人造的；合成的；人为的
man-made fibres   人造纤维
It's a man-made lake.   这是一个人工湖。



★☆☆   manna
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■(in the Bible) a food which dropped from heaven and prevented Moses and his people from dying of hunger in the desert    玛纳（《圣经》故事中摩西及其子民在沙漠中得到的神赐食物）noun uncountable 
manna from heaven 
■help that you get when you need it but are not expecting it    意外帮助



★☆☆   mannequin
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a large model of a human being, used to show clothes in the window of a shop 
  （商店橱窗里的）服装模特儿，人体模型
old-fashioned for    * model (PERSON) 



★☆☆   manner
—————————————————
UK noun 
WAY  方式  
 IMPROVER  only singular 
■the way in which something is done    方式，方法
She stared at me in an accusing manner.   她以责备的目光注视着我。
He was elected in the normal manner.   他依正常程式当选。
It was the manner of her death that stuck in the public's mind.   她的死亡方式使公众很受触动。
in the manner of sth 
■in the style of something    以…的风格
Her latest film is a suspense thriller very much in the manner of Hitchcock.   她的最新影片是部悬疑惊险片，与希区考克的风格很相似。UK noun 
BEHAVIOUR  行为  
 IMPROVER  only singular 
■the usual way in which you behave towards other people, or the way you behave on a particular occasion    态度；举止
She has a rather cold, unfriendly manner.   她的态度相当冷淡、不友善。
As soon as he realized that we weren't going to buy anything, his whole manner changed.   他一发觉到我们不会买任何东西，态度就彻底改变了。UK noun 
POLITE BEHAVIOUR  有礼的行为  
manners 
 ADVANCED  [plural] 
■polite ways of treating other people and behaving in public    风度；礼貌；礼仪
He needs to be taught some manners.   他需要学些礼仪。
It's bad manners to eat with your mouth open.   张着嘴吃东西是不文雅的。
It's considered good manners in some societies to leave a little food on your plate.   在某些社会中，人们认为在碟中剩下少许食物是礼貌的表现。UK noun 
TYPE  种类  
uncountable formal 
■a type    种类，类型
Very little is known about the new candidate - what manner of man is he?   人们对新候选人所知甚少——他是哪一种人？UK noun 
all manner of sth 
■a lot of different types    各种各样的
There are all manner of architectural styles in the capital.   首都汇集了各种建筑风格。UK noun 
as (if) to the manner born formal 
■If you do something as (if) to the manner born, you do it very well and very naturally as if it is usual and easy for you.    似乎天生就适合UK noun 
in a manner of speaking formal 
■used for saying that something is partly true    不妨说，可以说；在某种意义上
She's his partner, in a manner of speaking.   在某种意义上，她是他的伙伴。UK noun 
not by any manner of means UK old-fashioned 
■not in any way    决不，无论如何也不
I'm not satisfied with his excuse - not by any manner of means.   我不满意他的辩解——一点也不满意。



★☆☆   mannered
—————————————————
UK US  disapproving 
adjective 
■describes a style of speech or behaviour that is artificial, or intended to achieve a particular effect    矫揉造作的，不自然的，做作的
His performance as Hamlet was criticized for being very mannered.   他饰演的哈姆雷特被批评为演得过于做作。



★☆☆   Mannerism
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable specialized 
■a style of 16th century art, common in Italy, France and Spain, which did not follow traditional rules of painting and tried to represent an image of beauty that was perfect rather than natural    矫饰主义（16世纪流行于义大利、法国和西班牙的一种艺术风格，其绘画风格不因循守旧，力图在画面中表现出超越现实的完美）
Mannerism is characterized by a distortion of proportions and perspective.   矫饰主义的特点在于比例和透视的扭曲。



★☆☆   mannerism
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■something that a person does repeatedly with their face, hands or voice, and which they may not be realise they are doing 
  （本人可能并未意识到的）习惯性动作；习性
He's got some very strange mannerisms.   他有些非常奇怪的习惯。
We've spent so much time together that we've picked up each other's mannerisms.   我们相处了这么久，以致都沾染了对方的癖性。



★☆☆   mannikin
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a manikin 



★☆☆   mannish
—————————————————
adjective disapproving 
■If you describe a woman as mannish, you mean that her appearance or behaviour are too much like a man's 
  （女子）像男人的，男性化的
her mannish voice   她那男性化的嗓音
She wondered if short hair made her look a bit mannish.   她寻思短发是否会让自己看起来有些像男人。



★☆☆   mano a mano
—————————————————
UK noun countable mainly us 
■a bullfight (= fight between men and male cows) in which two people each fight several bulls    格斗（斗牛的一种形式，两名斗牛士分别与多头牛搏斗）
■a competition, argument or fight between two people 
  （两个人之间的）竞争、争论或打斗
a mano a mano between the two presidential candidates   两名总统候选人之间的斗争UK adverb 
■If someone goes mano a mano, they compete, argue or fight with someone    短兵相接（与人竞争、争论或打斗）
a loudmouthed woman going mano a mano with officials   一个与官员短兵相接的大嗓门妇女



★☆☆   manoeuvrable
—————————————————
UK (ALSO US maneuverable) [m&#x259;'nu:.vr&#x259;.b&#x6C;]
adjective 
■easy to move and direct    易操作的，容易控制的；灵活的
The new missile is faster and more manoeuvrable than previous models.   新型导弹比以往的型号速度更快，机动性更强。



★☆☆   manoeuvre
—————————————————
UK (ALSO US maneuver) UK noun 
MOVEMENT  动作  
countable 
■a movement or set of movements needing skill and care    精巧动作
Reversing round a corner is one of the manoeuvres you are required to perform in a driving test.   驾照考试中的一个规定动作是倒车转弯。UK (ALSO US maneuver) UK noun 
MILITARY OPERATION  军事行动  
countable usually plural 
■a planned and controlled movement or operation by the armed forces for training purposes and in war    军事演习
military /naval manoeuvres   军事／海军演习
We saw the army on manoeuvres in the mountains.   我们看到军队在山区演习。UK (ALSO US maneuver) UK noun 
CLEVER ACTION  明智之举  
countable 
■a cleverly planned action which is intended to get an advantage    策略；花招；妙计
A series of impressive manoeuvres by the chairman had secured a lucrative contract for the company.   董事长采取了一系列十分巧妙的策略，使公司得到了一份利润丰厚的合同。UK (ALSO US maneuver) UK noun 
room for manoeuvre 
■the opportunity to change your plans or choose between different ways of doing something    挽回、调解的余地
The law in this area is very strict and doesn't allow us much room for manoeuvre.   这个地方的法律非常严格，很难有转圆的余地。UK (ALSO US maneuver) UK verb 
MOVE  动  
intransitive or transitive 
■to turn and direct an object    操纵，控制
Loaded supermarket trolleys are often difficult to manoeuvre.   满载的超市购物车往往很难控制方向。
This car manoeuvres well at high speed.   这辆汽车高速行驶时操作性能很好。UK (ALSO US maneuver) UK verb 
MAKE SB DO STH  使（某人）行事  
transitive 
■to try to make someone act in a particular way    努力使（某人）以特定方式行事
The other directors are trying to manoeuvre her into resigning.   其他董事在设法逼她辞职。



★☆☆   manoeuvring
—————————————————
UK (ALSO US maneuvering) UK noun 
CLEVER ACTION  明智之举  
countable or uncountable 
■when you cleverly plan something to get an advantage    策略
The directors managed to secure a good deal for the company with a bit of subtle manoeuvring.   那些董事略施巧计，为公司赢得了一桩好买卖。
He claimed he knew nothing about the political manoeuvrings which had got him into power.   他声称对助他上台的政治花招一无所知。UK (ALSO US maneuvering) UK noun 
MOVEMENT  动作  
uncountable 
■when you move or move something with skill and care    精巧动作
With some careful manoeuvring, I was able to get the car into the narrow space.   经过小心操作，我将汽车驶进了这个狭窄的空间。



★☆☆   man of God 
—————————————————
noun countable (also man of the cloth) mainly humorous 
■a priest    教士；牧师；神父



★☆☆   man of letters 
—————————————————
noun countable formal 
■a man, usually a writer, who knows a lot about literature    文人；作家



★☆☆   man of straw 
—————————————————
noun countable 
WEAK  软弱的     mainly UK 
■someone who has a weak character    窝囊废（生性懦弱的人）
He was accused by his opponents of being a man of straw and lacking in decisiveness.   对手骂他窝囊废，缺乏决断力。noun countable 
IMAGINARY  假想的  
■a straw man    稻草人



★☆☆   manometer
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a device for measuring the pressure of gases and liquids 
  （测量气体、液体压力的）压力计，压力表



★☆☆   manor
—————————————————
UK noun 
LARGE HOUSE  大房子  
countable (also manor house) 
■a large old house in the country with land belonging to it    庄园宅第UK noun 
AREA  区域  
countable usually singular UK slang 
■the area in which a person works or which they are responsible for    工作区；负责区域；管辖区



★☆☆   manpower
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the supply of people who are able to work    人力，劳动力
The industry has suffered from a lack of manpower.   该产业缺乏劳动力。
manpower shortages   人力短缺



★☆☆   manqué
—————————————————
adjective formal 
an artist/poet/writer, etc. manqué 
■someone who has not had the opportunity to do a particular job, despite having the ability to do it    想当艺术家／诗人／作家等而未能如愿者



★☆☆   manservant
—————————————————
UK noun countable old use 
■a male servant with responsibility for the personal needs of his employer, such as preparing his food and clothes    贴身男仆



★☆☆   mansion
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a very large expensive house    大厦；大楼；豪宅
The street is lined with enormous mansions where the rich and famous live.   街道两旁是富人及名人的大豪宅。



★☆☆   Mansions
—————————————————
plural noun UK 
■used in the name of some buildings that contain apartments 
  （用于某些公寓楼名称中）…大厦，…公寓，…大楼
Her new address is 12 Warwickshire Mansions.   她的新地址是瓦立克郡公寓大楼12号。



★☆☆   man-sized
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] old-fashioned 
■big    大的
man-sized tissues   大号纸巾



★☆☆   manslaughter
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable legal 
■the crime of killing a person by someone who did not intend to do it or who cannot be responsible for their actions    过失杀人，误杀；无行为能力者所犯的杀人罪行
She was sentenced to five years imprisonment for manslaughter.   她因过失杀人被判入狱五年。
He denies murder but admits manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility.   他否认谋杀，但承认过失杀人，这样可以减轻刑事责任。    Compare murder ; suicide



★☆☆   manta ray
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a very large flat sea fish with triangular fins , the largest type of ray    蝠鲼（一种巨大的扁平海鱼，鳍呈三角形，为鳐中最大的一种）



★☆☆   mantelpiece
—————————————————
UK noun countable (US also mantel) 
■a shelf above a fireplace , usually part of a frame which surrounds the fireplace    壁炉架；壁炉台
She's got photographs of all her grandchildren on the mantelpiece.   她在壁炉台上放着所有孙子孙女的照片。



★☆☆   mantis
—————————————————
UK noun countable (also praying mantis) 
■a large green insect that holds its front legs in a way that makes it look as if it is praying when it is waiting to catch another insect    螳螂



★☆☆   mantle
—————————————————
UK noun 
RESPONSIBILITY  责任  
only singular formal 
■the responsibilities of an important position or job, especially as given from the person who had the job to the person who replaces them 
  （尤指前任留给继任者的）责任，衣钵
She unsuccessfully attempted to assume the mantle of presidency.   她想接任总统，但未成功。
He has been asked to take on the mantle of managing director in the New York office.   他获邀请出任纽约办事处总经理一职。UK noun 
LAYER  层  
countable literary 
■a layer of something which covers a surface    覆盖层
A thick mantle of snow lay on the ground.   地上积着一层厚厚的雪。
We watched the building vanish under a mantle of thick grey smoke as the fire swiftly moved through it.   大火在楼内迅速蔓延，我们看到大楼被灰色的浓烟吞噬。
countable specialized 
■the part of the Earth that surrounds the central core    地幔
countable 
■in the past, a piece of clothing without sleeves which was worn over other clothes    （旧时的）披风，斗篷



★☆☆   man-to-man
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] adverb 
■describes an honest and direct conversation between two men    坦率的（地），开诚布公的（地）
a man-to-man discussion   开诚布公的讨论
We talked man-to-man.   我们坦率地交谈。



★☆☆   mantra
—————————————————
noun countable 
■(especially in Hinduism and Buddhism) a word or sound which is believed to have a special spiritual power 
  （尤指印度教和佛教中的）曼特罗，曼怛罗，咒语
A personal mantra is sometimes repeated as an aid to meditation or prayer.   有时候人们会反复念一个自己选用的咒语来帮助冥想或祈祷。
■a word or phrase which is often repeated and which sometimes expresses a belief    口号
The crowds chanted that familiar football mantra: "Here we go, here we go, here we go..."   人群反复高喊着那个熟悉的足球口号：“加油！加油！加油……”



★☆☆   manual
—————————————————
adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■done with the hands    用手做的；手工的
the manual sorting of letters   人工分拣信件
She tried to cure the pain in my knee by putting manual pressure on the joint.   她尝试用手按压我的膝关节来治疗我的膝痛。
 ADVANCED  
■describes a machine that is operated with the hands rather than by electricity or a motor 
  （机器）用手操作的，手动的
He still works on an old manual typewriter.   他还在用一台老式手动打字机。
 ADVANCED  
■involving physical work rather than mental work    体力的
unskilled manual labour   无需技能的体力劳动
750 manual workers will lose their jobs as a result of company cutbacks.   750名体力劳动者将因公司裁员而失业。
Computer-controlled robots are taking over manual jobs in many industries.   在许多行业中，体力工作正逐步由电脑控制的机器人代劳。noun countable 
■a book which gives you practical instructions on how to do something or how to use something, such as a machine    使用手册；说明书；指南
a DIY manual   “自己动手做”指南
The computer comes with a 600-page instruction manual.   电脑附有一本600页的操作指南。



★☆☆   manual dexterity 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■someone's ability to perform a difficult action with the hands skilfully and quickly so that it looks easy    手的灵巧



★☆☆   manually
—————————————————
adverb 
■by hand    手工地；人工地
Few of the machines are operated manually.   这些机器中很少是手动操作的。



★☆☆   manual transmission 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■If a car has manual transmission, the gears are changed by the driver.    手动变速器    Compare automatic transmission



★☆☆   manufacture
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
PRODUCE  制造  
 ADVANCED  
■to produce goods in large numbers, usually in a factory using machines 
  （通常指工厂利用机械大量）制造，（大批）生产
He works for a company that manufactures car parts.   他在一家生产汽车零件的公司工作。
The report notes a rapid decline in manufactured goods.   报告指出工业产品数量迅速下滑。UK verb transitive 
INVENT  虚构  
■to invent something, such as an excuse or story, in order to deceive someone    捏造；编造；虚构
She insisted that every scandalous detail of the story had been manufactured.   她坚称报道中每一个骇人听闻的细节都是捏造出来的。UK noun uncountable 
■the process of producing goods    生产
Oil is used in the manufacture of a number of fabrics.   石油用作生产多种纺织品。
The amount of recycled glass used in manufacture doubled in five years.   用于制造业的回收玻璃数量在五年间上升了一倍。



★☆☆   manufacturer
—————————————————
UK noun 
 IMPROVER  countable 
■a company that produces goods in large numbers    制造商，生产商（生产大批商品的企业）
Germany is a major manufacturer of motor cars.   德国是汽车生产大国。
manufacturers    [plural] 
■companies that produce manufactured goods    制造商，生产厂家
Our kettle was leaking, so we had to send it back to the manufacturers.   我们的水壶漏了，要把它退回制造商。



★☆☆   manufacturing
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
 IMPROVER  
■the business of producing goods in large numbers    制造业（生产大批商品的行业）
car manufacturing   汽车制造
the manufacturing of military equipment   军事装备的生产



★☆☆   manure
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■solid waste from animals, especially horses, which is spread on the land in order to make plants grow well    粪肥（尤指马粪）



★☆☆   manuscript
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the original copy of a book or article before it is printed    手稿；原稿
He sent the 400-page manuscript to his publisher.   他将400页的手稿寄给他的出版商了。
■an old document or book written by hand in the times before printing was invented 
  （印刷术发明前的）手写本，手抄本
It is thought that the manuscript is the work of a monk and dates from the twelfth century.   一般认为那部手抄本出自12世纪一位僧侣手笔。



★☆☆   Manx
—————————————————
adjective 
■of the Isle of Man, the people who live there or their language    曼岛的；曼岛人的；曼岛语的



★☆☆   Manx cat 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a type of cat with no tail    曼岛猫（一种无尾猫）



★☆☆   many
—————————————————
determiner pronoun 
 ESSENTIAL  
■used mainly in negative sentences and questions to mean 'a large number of' 
  （主要用于否定句和疑问句中）许多
I don't have many clothes.   我衣服不多。
Not many people have heard of him.   听说过他的人不多。
There are n't very many weekends between now and Christmas.   现在到圣诞节间没有多少个周末了。
Were there many cars on the road?   路上车多吗？
How many students are there in each class?   每班有多少个学生？
Many people would disagree with your ideas.   许多人会不同意你的看法。
Rachel was at the party with her many admirers.   瑞吉儿和她众多的追求者一起参加了聚会。
I've met him so many times and I still can't remember his name!   我见过他许多次了，可还是记不住他的名字！
There are too many people chasing too few jobs.   找工作的人太多，而职位又太少。
If there are only five of us going to the concert, then I've booked one too many seats.   如果我们当中只有五个人去听音乐会，那我就多订了一张票。
If there were as many women as there are men in parliament, the situation would be very different.   如果议会中女性人数和男性一样多，情形就会大不相同了。
As many as (= The surprisingly large number of) 6 000 people may have been infected with the disease.   可能有多达6000人已染上此病。
There are already twelve bottles of wine, so if I buy as many again (= another twelve bottles) we'll have enough.   已经有12瓶葡萄酒，如果我再买12瓶，那我们就足够了。
A good/great many people who voted for her in the last election will not be doing so this time.   许多在上次选举中投票给她的人这次不会那么做了。
She'd had five children in as many (= in the same number of) years and decided it was enough.   她五年里就生了五个孩子，认为已经足够了。determiner pronoun 
in so many words 
■directly, or in a way that makes it very clear what you mean    直截了当地，明确地
"Did he say he was unhappy with Anna?" "Well, not in so many words but that was certainly the impression I got."   “他说对安娜不满了吗？”“并没有明确说，但我感觉是那样。”
I told her, in so many words, to stop interfering.   我明确告诉她不要再干涉了。determiner pronoun 
many a time 
■many times    许多次
I've told you many a time not to ride your bike on the pavement.   我告诉过你很多次了，不要在人行道上骑脚踏车。determiner pronoun 
many happy returns (of the day) 
■said to mean 'Happy Birthday'    生日快乐determiner pronoun 
many's the 
■used to show something has happened many times or for long periods of time    多次；长时间
Many's the hour I've spent by the telephone just waiting in case he called.   我在电话旁守候多时，免得他打电话来时没人接。determiner pronoun 
one too many informal 
■If you have had one too many, you have drunk too much alcohol.    喝多了酒，多喝了几杯



★☆☆   many-sided
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
■having many sides or a lot of different features or characteristics    多面的；多样的
a many-sided object   多面体
A many-sided character, he wrote poetry and was a keen cricketer and cook.   他兴趣广泛，既写诗又热爱板球运动和烹饪。



★☆☆   Maoism
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the type of Communism introduced in China by Mao Zedong    毛泽东思想



★☆☆   Maori
—————————————————
noun countable 
■one of the original people of New Zealand and the Cook Islands    毛利人（纽西兰及库克群岛的土著）
The Maoris arrived in New Zealand from Polynesia over 1 000 years before the Europeans.   毛利人从玻里尼西亚迁至纽西兰，比欧洲人早1000多年。adjective 
■related to the culture, people or language of Maoris    毛利的（与毛利文化、毛利人、毛利语相关的）
The Maori language is now officially encouraged.   毛利语现在受到政府的扶持。
Before a rugby match, the New Zealand team perform a Maori war dance.   橄榄球比赛前，纽西兰队表演了一种毛利人的战争舞蹈。



★☆☆   map
—————————————————
noun countable 
 IMPROVER  
■a drawing of the Earth's surface, or part of that surface, showing the shape and position of different countries, political borders, natural features such as rivers and mountains, and artificial features such as roads and buildings    地图
a map of the world   世界地图
a map of Paris   巴黎地图
a road map   公路图
We need a large-scale map showing all the footpaths that we can walk along.   我们需要一张大比例尺地图，上面要标出所有能走的小路。
I'm hopeless at map reading (= understanding maps).   我一点也看不懂地图。
■a drawing that gives you a particular type of information about a particular area    图（提供某区域特定资讯的图）
He bought a map showing the population distribution of Scotland.   他买了一张苏格兰人口分布图。
■something which shows the position of stars in the sky or the features on the surface of planets 
  （标明恒星位置或行星表面特征的）天体图
a celestial map   天体图
a map of Mars   火星地形图
■a very simple plan which shows a direction of travel between one place and another    示意图
I'll draw you a quick map if you're worried about finding the hotel.   如果你担心找不到那家饭店，我就给你画张简单的示意图。noun countable 
blow/bomb/wipe, etc. sth off the map 
■to destroy a place or thing completely, especially with bombs 
  （尤指用炸弹）彻底毁掉，完全摧毁
A nuclear bomb could wipe the whole country off the map.   一枚核弹就可以毁掉整个国家。noun countable 
put sth/sb on the map 
■to make a thing, person or place famous    使…出名
The governor has managed to put this sleepy southern state in America on the map.   州长终于使美国南部这个死气沉沉的州变得闻名遐迩了。verb transitive (-pp-)
■to represent an area of land in the form of a map    绘制…的地图；在地图上标示出
Parts of the mountainous region in the north of the country have still not been mapped.   人们还未为这个国家北部的部分山区绘制地图。verb transitive (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] map sth out 
■to plan something in detail    详细安排；筹划
The government has issued a new document mapping out its policies on education.   政府发表了一份新档，详细阐述了其教育政策。
His future is all mapped out ahead of him.   他的未来全部都事先筹划好了。




★☆☆   maple
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a type of large tree which grows in northern areas of the world, or the wood of this tree    枫树，槭树
a maple leaf   枫叶
maple trees   枫树



★☆☆   maple syrup 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a thick sweet liquid produced from the maple tree which is eaten with or used in making food    枫树汁，槭糖浆
pancakes with maple syrup   槭糖浆薄饼



★☆☆   mar
—————————————————
UK US  (-rr-)    slightly formal 
verb transitive 
■to spoil something, making it less perfect or less enjoyable    损坏；破坏；损伤
Sadly, the text is marred by careless errors.   很遗憾，这篇文章因一些粗心大意的错误而大为失色。
It was a really nice day, marred only by a little argument in the car on the way home.   这一天过得非常不错，只是回家路上在汽车里发生的一点口角令人扫兴。
I hope the fact that Louise isn't coming won't mar your enjoyment of the evening.   路易丝今晚不来了，我希望这不会令你感到扫兴。



★☆☆   maracas
—————————————————
plural noun 
■a musical instrument consisting of two hollow containers filled with beans or small stones, which are shaken to provide the rhythm for some types of music    沙铃，响葫芦（一种打击乐器）



★☆☆   maraschino
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■slightly bitter liqueur made from a particular type of cherry    黑樱桃酒



★☆☆   maraschino cherry 
—————————————————
noun countable usually plural 
■a cherry which is preserved in maraschino or a similar drink and used to decorate drinks and food    酒渍樱桃（以黑樱桃酒浸泡，用于点缀饮料和食物）



★☆☆   marathon
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
RACE  竞赛  
 ADVANCED  
■a running race of slightly over 26 miles (42.195 kilometres)    马拉松赛跑（全长42.195公里）
the London/New York marathon   伦敦／纽约马拉松赛跑
She did/ran her first marathon in just under three hours.   她首次参加马拉松比赛，就在三个小时内跑完了全程。UK noun countable 
LONG ACTIVITY  持久的活动  
■an activity which takes a long time and makes you very tired    马拉松式的活动，持久的活动
The election broadcast, a nine-hour marathon, lasts until seven o'clock in the morning.   长达九个小时的马拉松式选举报道一直持续到早上七点。UK adjective [before noun] 
RACE  竞赛  
■related to marathons (= running races)    马拉松的
a marathon runner   马拉松运动员UK adjective [before noun] 
LONG TIME  长时间  
■describes something which takes a very long time and makes you very tired    马拉松式的（形容一件事耗费很长时间，使人筋疲力竭）
I had a marathon session marking 55 exam papers yesterday.   我昨天一连改了55份考卷。



★☆☆   marauder
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person or animal that goes from one place to another looking for something to kill or steal 
  （流动作案的）强盗，抢劫者；到处猎食的动物



★☆☆   marauding
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■going from one place to another killing or using violence, stealing and destroying    抢劫的，掠夺的
Witnesses reported gangs of marauding soldiers breaking into people's houses and setting fire to them.   目击者称成群结队的匪兵闯入民宅，纵火焚毁房屋。



★☆☆   marble
—————————————————
UK noun 
ROCK  岩石  
uncountable 
■a type of very hard rock which has a pattern of lines going through it, feels cold and becomes smooth and shiny when cut and polished    大理石
a marble floor/statue   大理石地板／雕像UK noun 
GLASS BALL  玻璃球  
countable 
■a small ball usually made of coloured or transparent glass which is used in children's games 
  （儿童游戏中用的）弹子
marbles    uncountable 
■a children's game in which small round glass balls are rolled along the floor    弹子游戏



★☆☆   marbled
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■decorated with a delicate pattern consisting of lines and areas of colour    具有大理石花纹的
The church has an ornate black and white marbled interior.   教堂内部以华丽的黑白大理石花纹作点缀。
The plant has oval green leaves marbled with brownish-purple.   这种植物的绿叶呈椭圆形，带有紫棕色大理石花纹。
The steak was just how he liked - pink, juicy and marbled with fat.   这种牛排正是他喜欢的——色泽粉红、多汁且肥瘦相间。



★☆☆   marcasite
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a mineral that can be cut and polished to look like precious stones and is used to make cheap jewellery    白铁矿石（加工后看似宝石，用于制造廉价珠宝）



★☆☆   March
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable (written abbreviation Mar) 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the third month of the year, after February and before April    三月
26(th) March/March 26(th)/26(th) Mar/Mar 26(th)   3月26日
My birthday is on the eleventh of March/March the eleventh/ mainly USMarch eleventh.   我的生日是3月11日。
He retired last March/is retiring next March.   他在刚过去的／将在下一个三月退休。
The meeting will be one day in/during March.   会议将在三月份的某一天召开。
It has been one of the wettest Marches for several years.   这是几年来最潮湿的三月份之一。



★☆☆   march
—————————————————
UK noun 
PUBLIC EVENT  公共活动  
 ADVANCED  countable 
■an event in which a large number of people walk through a public place to express their support for something, or their disagreement with or disapproval of something    抗议游行，示威游行
She's going on a march on Saturday in protest over the closure of the hospital.   她将在周六参加一个反对关闭医院的示威游行。UK noun 
MUSIC  音乐  
countable 
■a piece of music with a strong regular rhythm which is written for marching to    进行曲
a funeral march   葬礼进行曲
Mendelssohn's Wedding March   孟德尔颂的《婚礼进行曲》UK noun 
SOLDIERS' WALK  行军  
countable or uncountable 
■a walk, especially by a group of soldiers all walking with the same movement and speed    行走；（尤指）行军，进军
It had been a long march and the soldiers were weary.   这是一次长途行军，士兵都疲惫不堪。
The border was within a day's march (= distance measured in time taken to walk it).   走一天便能到达边境。
on the march 
■If soldiers are on the march, they have started marching to a place.    在行军中，在行进中UK noun 
CONTINUOUS DEVELOPMENT  持续发展  
only singular 
■the continuous development of a state, activity or idea    持续的发展
It is impossible to stop the forward march of progress/time.   发展的进程／时间的流逝是无法阻挡的。
The island is being destroyed by the relentless march of tourism.   旅游业的恶性发展正在破坏着这个岛。UK verb 
WALK  行走  
 ADVANCED  intransitive 
■to walk somewhere quickly and in a determined way, often because you are angry 
  （常因生气而）快步走
She marched into my office demanding to know why I hadn't written my report.   她冲进我的办公室，质问我为甚么没写报告。
 ADVANCED  intransitive 
■to walk through a public place as part of a public event to express support for something, or disagreement with or disapproval of something    抗议游行，示威游行
Over four thousand people marched through London today to protest against the proposed new law.   今天4000多人在伦敦街头游行，抗议新的法律提案。
 ADVANCED  intransitive or transitive 
■to walk with regular steps keeping the body stiff, usually in a formal group of people who are all walking in the same way 
  （齐步）行走，行进
The band marched through the streets.   乐队齐步走过街道。
The soldiers marched 90 miles in three days.   那些士兵在三天内行军90英里。UK verb 
TAKE FORCEFULLY  强行带走  
transitive + adverb or preposition 
■to forcefully make someone go somewhere by taking hold of them and pulling them there or going there with them    强迫（某人）一起走；押送
Without saying a word, she took hold of my arm and marched me off to the headmaster's office.   她不发一言，抓着我的手臂就把我强行拉到校长办公室去。
The police marched a gang of youths out of the building.   员警押着一帮年轻人走出了大楼。
⇨ See also frogmarchUK verb 
Quick march! 
■an order given to soldiers to make them start marching 
  （向士兵发出的命令）齐步走！



★☆☆   marcher
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person marching through a public place as part of a public event    抗议游行者，游行示威者
The marchers stopped outside the American embassy, chanting slogans and waving banners.   示威者在美国大使馆外停了下来，高喊口号，挥舞标语。



★☆☆   marching orders 
—————————————————
plural noun (US usually walking papers) informal 
■If you give someone their marching orders, you ask them to leave a place or a job because they have done something wrong    解雇通知；逐客令
Three players got their marching orders last week.   三名球员上周收到了解雇通知。
She was called into the boss's office and given her marching orders   她被叫到老板的办公室，收到了解雇通知。



★☆☆   march-past
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular 
■a march of the armed forces past an officer of high rank or a king or queen 
  （检阅队伍经过高官、国王或女王时的）分列式



★☆☆   Mardi Gras
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular 
■the day before the beginning of Lent , which is celebrated in some countries with a lot of music, colourful costumes and dancing in the streets    忏悔节（大斋首日的前一天，在某些国家人们当日身穿艳丽服装在街头载歌载舞来庆祝）
■another name for Shrove Tuesday    Shrove Tuesday 的别称



★☆☆   mare
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an adult female horse 
  （成年）母马    Compare stallion



★☆☆   margarine
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable (UK informal marge) 
■a food used for cooking and spreading on bread, which is similar to butter but softer and usually made from vegetable fat    人造鲜奶油（通常由植物油制成）



★☆☆   margarita
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a type of alcoholic drink    曼哈顿鸡尾酒
A margarita is made with tequila, an orange liqueur and lime or lemon juice.   玛格丽塔鸡尾酒由墨西哥龙舌兰酒、橙味酒和柠檬汁调制而成。



★☆☆   margin
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
DIFFERENCE  差额  
 ADVANCED  
■the amount by which one thing is different from another    差数，差额
The Senate approved the use of military force by a margin of 52 votes to 47.   参议院以52票对47票通过了使用武力的提议。
The poll shows that the government is leading by the narrowest of margins.   民意调查显示，政府以极其微弱的优势领先。UK noun countable 
OUTER PART  远离中心的部分  
 ADVANCED  
■the empty space to the side of the text on a page, sometimes separated from the rest of the page by a vertical line    页边空白，白边
If I have any comments to make, I'll write them in the margin.   如果我有评语，就会写在页边的空白处。
■the outer edge of an area    边，缘，边缘
The plant tends to grow in the lighter margins of woodland areas.   这种植物往往生长在植被较稀疏的林地边缘。
on the margins of sth 
■If someone is on the margins of a group of people, they are part of that group, but they are different in important ways, and if someone is on the margins of an activity, they are only slightly involved 
  （某人）处于…的边缘，对…稍有涉足
He spent the 1980s on the margins of British politics.   20世纪80年代他曾稍稍涉足英国政治。
The government needs to reach out to those on the margins of society.   政府需要关注处于社会边缘的人。



★☆☆   marginal
—————————————————
UK adjective 
SMALL  小的  
■very small in amount or effect    微小的；少量的
The report suggests that there has only been a marginal improvement in women's pay over the past few years.   报告显示，过去几年间女性的工资只有轻微增长。
of marginal interest 
■of interest to only a few people    只有少数人感兴趣的
programmes about subjects of marginal interest   话题只有寥寥数人感兴趣的节目UK adjective 
POLITICS  政治  
■describes a political area or position in parliament which can be won by only a small number of votes because support for the main parties is equally divided among the people voting 
  （选举中仅以微弱多数取胜的）边缘选区（或席位）
The marginal Tory constituency was held by 2200 votes in 1992.   1992年，保守党以2200票获得这个边缘选区。UK noun countable UK 
■a marginal political area or position in parliament 
  （议会的）边缘席位；边缘政治领域
Labour lost two of the key marginals in London.   工党失去了伦敦两个关键性的边缘选区。
The minister's own seat is a Tory marginal.   这位大臣的席位是保守党的边缘席位。



★☆☆   marginalize
—————————————————
(UK usually marginalise) UK verb transitive often passive 
■to treat someone or something as if they are not important    使边缘化；忽视；排斥
Now that English has taken over as the main language, the country's native language has been marginalized.   由于英语已成为这个国家的主要语言，其本国语言反而被边缘化了。



★☆☆   marginal land 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■land which is found on the edge of cultivated areas and is often difficult to grow crops on    边缘土地



★☆☆   marginally
—————————————————
UK adverb 
■slightly    稍微地，略微地
marginally more expensive   略贵一些



★☆☆   margin of error 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an extra amount of something, such as time or money, which you allow because there might be a mistake in your calculations 
  （时间、金钱等方面的）误差幅度，误差数
When archaeologists date objects that are thousands of years old, they allow a margin of error of several hundred years.   考古学家在测定有数千年历史的物体的年代时，会允许有几百年的误差。
The government estimates that its borrowing requirement this year could reach £150 billion, subject to a wide margin of error.   政府预计今年借款将达1500亿英镑，此数额的误差相当大。



★☆☆   marigold
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a plant with bright yellow or orange flowers    万寿菊，金盏花



★☆☆   marijuana
—————————————————
(also marihuana) [&#x2CC;m&#xE6;r.&#x259;'w&#x251;:.n&#x259;]
noun uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■a usually illegal drug made from the dried leaves and flowers of the hemp plant, which produces a feeling of pleasant relaxation if smoked or eaten    大麻



★☆☆   marimba
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■an instrument like a xylophone but with a lower sound, having a row of wooden strips that you hit with sticks fixed along a frame    马林巴（木）琴（类似于木琴的乐器，声音较木琴低沉，有一列木制琴键，以槌击打发声）



★☆☆   marina
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small port that is used for pleasure rather than trade, often with hotels, restaurants and bars 
  （常设有饭店、餐厅及酒吧的）小船坞，小港口



★☆☆   marinade
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a mixture, usually containing oil, wine or vinegar, and herbs and spices, which you pour over fish or meat before it is cooked, in order to add flavour to it or make it tender    腌泡汁，腌渍调料（由油、葡萄酒或醋、香草及香料等制成，烹调鱼或肉前浇于其上，以增味或使肉质更嫩）
Pour the marinade over the beef and leave it for 24 hours.   在牛肉上浇些腌泡汁，腌上24小时。



★☆☆   marine
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
■related to the sea or sea transport    海（洋）的；航海的；海运的
The oil slick seriously threatens marine life around the islands.   浮油严重威胁着岛屿周围的海洋生物。
Marine biologists are concerned about the effects of untreated sewage that is flowing into coastal waters.   污水未经处理就排到近海海域，海洋生物学家对其后果十分担心。
One plane, a marine F18, was lost in the raid.   突袭行动中损失了一架F18舰载战斗机。
The Central harbour area will be closed to all marine traffic from 3.45 pm to 4.30 pm.   中央海港区将于下午3时45分至4时30分关闭，严禁所有海上船只进出停留。
⇨ See also maritimenoun countable 
■a soldier who works closely with the navy and is trained especially for military operations on land which begin from the sea    海军陆战队士兵



★☆☆   mariner
—————————————————
UK noun countable literary or old use 
■a sailor    水手
Many a mariner lost his life on these rocks.   许多水手在这些礁石上丢了性命。



★☆☆   Marines
—————————————————
plural noun 
■a part of a country's military forces which takes part especially in operations on land which begin from the sea    海军陆战队
He's in the Royal Marines.   他在皇家海军陆战队服役。plural noun 
Tell that/it to the Marines! US saying 
■said when you do not believe something 
  （表示不相信）鬼才会相信！



★☆☆   marionette
—————————————————
noun countable (also puppet) 
■a small model of a person or animal with parts of the body that are moved with strings    牵线木偶



★☆☆   marital
—————————————————
UK adjective formal 
■connected with marriage    婚姻的
They've been having marital problems , apparently.   显然他们的婚姻一直有问题。
humorous You can't expect to live in a state of marital bliss.   你别指望婚姻会一直美满。
marital breakdown   婚姻破裂



★☆☆   marital aid 
—————————————————
noun countable    old-fashioned for 
■sex toy 



★☆☆   marital status 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■whether or not someone is married    婚姻状况
Could I ask you about your marital status?   我能问一下你的婚姻状况吗？



★☆☆   maritime
—————————————————
adjective formal 
■connected with human activity at sea    海运的；航海的；海事的
Amalfi and Venice were important maritime powers.   阿马尔菲和威尼斯一度是重要的海事基地。
Make sure you visit the maritime museum if you're interested in anything to do with ships or seafaring.   如果你对舰船或航海感兴趣，一定要参观一下那家海事博物馆。
■near the sea or coast    近海的，沿海的
The temperature change in winter is less pronounced in maritime areas.   沿海地区的冬季温度变化不那么明显。



★☆☆   marjoram
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a sweet Mediterranean herb used to flavour food    墨角兰，牛至（地中海地区的一种香草，用于调味）



★☆☆   Mark
—————————————————
UK noun 
■used before a number to describe a variation of a machine, especially one that is an improvement on the original machine 
  （与数字连用表示机器改进后的）型号
The car has enjoyed modest success since its launch, but the Mark 2 version is expected to be far more popular.   这款汽车自推出以来受欢迎程度一直都不很高，不过预计2型车将会受欢迎得多。
■used before a number to show what temperature you should use for cooking something in a gas oven    温度刻度（用于数字之前，显示用煤气炉烹饪某食物所需的温度）
Cook at Mark 5 for 20 minutes.   调到5号刻度，煮20分钟。



★☆☆   mark
—————————————————
UK noun 
DIFFERENT AREA  不同的区域  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a small area on the surface of something which is damaged, dirty or different in some way    痕迹；污点；疤痕
There were dirty marks on her trousers where she had wiped her hands.   她裤子上抹过手的地方留下了污渍。
His fingers had left marks on the table's polished surface.   他的手指在光亮的桌面上留下了指印。
She had a red mark on her arm where she'd burnt herself.   她手臂上烧伤的地方留下了红色的疤痕。
countable 
■a typical feature or one which allows you to recognize someone or something    标记；特征
Did your attacker have any distinguishing marks, such as a scar or a birthmark?   袭击你的人有甚么明显的特征吗，比如伤疤或胎记甚么的？
You can tell which puppy is which from the marks (also markings)on their fur.   你可以根据小狗皮毛上的斑纹来区分它们。UK noun 
SYMBOL  符号  
 ADVANCED  countable 
■a symbol which is used for giving information    标识；记号
I've put a mark on the map where I think we should go for a picnic.   我在地图上作了个记号，标出了我认为我们应该去野餐的地方。
What do those marks in the middle of the road mean?   路中央的那些标记是甚么意思？
 ADVANCED  countable 
■a written or printed symbol 
  （书写或印刷的）符号
a question mark   问号
an exclamation mark   感叹号
punctuation marks   标点符号UK noun 
FOR SCHOOL WORK  学业的  
 ADVANCED  countable mainly UK 
■a judgment, expressed as a number or letter, about the quality of a piece of work done at school, college or university    分数；成绩
What mark did you get in the biology exam?   你生物考试考了多少分？
Matilda's had very good marks in/for English throughout the year.   马蒂尔达一年来英语成绩都很好。
UK You scored full marks in the test - ten out of ten!   你测验得了满分——十分你全拿了！UK noun 
LEVEL  水准  
only singular 
■the level intended or wanted    目标，指标
Sales have already passed the million mark.   销售额已突破百万元大关。UK noun 
REPRESENTATION  表明  
countable 
■an action which is understood to represent or show a characteristic of a person or thing or feeling 
  （情感的）表示；（特征的）标志
He took off his hat as a mark of respect for her dead husband.   他脱帽以示对她死去的丈夫的敬意。
It's the mark of a gentleman to stand up when someone enters the room.   有人进屋时站起来是绅士之举。
I'd like to give this bottle of wine as a mark of appreciation for all the work you've done for us.   我谨以这瓶酒对您为我们所做的一切表示谢意。UK noun 
MONEY  金钱  
countable 
■a Deutschmark    马克（德国马克）UK noun 
be off the mark 
■If something someone says or writes is off the mark, it is not correct    不正确，不准确（指某人说的或写的东西不符合事实）
His criticisms are way off the mark.   他的评论不对。
Bedini and Curzi were probably not far off the mark in their analysis.   或许本迪尼和卡兹分析得有道理。UK noun 
be quick/slow off the mark 
■to be quick/slow to act or react to an event or a situation    反应迅速／迟钝
The police were certainly quick off the mark reaching the scene of the accident.   警方确实反应迅速，很快到了意外现场。UK noun 
be up to the mark 
■to be good enough    达到标准，够好
Her latest batch of work just isn't up to the mark.   她最近的一批工作不合格。UK noun 
leave your /its mark on sb/sth 
■to have an effect that changes someone or something, usually in a bad way    对…产生（通常指不良的）影响
The experience had left its mark on her.   这段经历对她产生了影响。UK noun 
make a/ your mark (on sth) 
■to have an important effect on something 
  （对…）留下深远的影响
Daniel didn't work here for very long, but he definitely made his mark on the place.   丹尼尔在这里工作时间不长，但他却实实在在地留下了深远的影响。UK noun 
On your marks , get set , go ! (US also on your mark... get set... go) 
■something called out to competitors at the beginning of a running race 
  （赛跑出发前的口令）各就各位，预备，跑！UK verb 
PIECE OF WORK  工作  
 IMPROVER  transitive 
■to correct mistakes in and give points for a piece of work    批改；给…评分
I was up half the night marking exam papers.   我改考卷改到半夜。
UK You'll be marked down (= given a lower mark) for poor spelling and punctuation.   你会因糟糕的拼写及标点而被扣分。UK verb 
DAMAGE/MAKE DIRTY  破坏／使肮脏  
 ADVANCED  intransitive or transitive 
■to make a mark on something or someone    留痕迹（于）
Make sure you don't mark the paintwork while you're moving the furniture around.   移动家俱时，千万别碰坏了油漆。
A dark carpet won't mark as easily as a light one.   深色地毯不像浅色地毯那么容易留下痕迹。UK verb 
REPRESENT  表明  
 ADVANCED  transitive 
■to represent or show a characteristic of a person or thing or feeling    标志；以…为特征
The band's songs have always been marked by controversial lyrics.   这支乐队的歌曲的特点是歌词向来都颇有争议。
The signing of the treaty marked a major milestone on the road to European union.   该条约的签署是欧洲一体化进程中的一个重要里程碑。
 ADVANCED  transitive 
■to show respect for or commemorate    对…表示敬意；纪念
Tomorrow's parade will mark the fiftieth anniversary of the battle.   明天的游行旨在纪念该战役50周年。UK verb 
SYMBOL  符号  
 ADVANCED  transitive 
■to show where something is by drawing or putting something somewhere    标明，标示
I've marked the route around the one-way system on the town plan.   我已在城镇地图上将单向系统的路线标了出来。
I'd like everyone to mark their progress on the chart every week.   我希望每个人每周都将自己的进度标在图表上。
X marks the spot where the treasure is buried.   符号X标示了藏宝地点。UK verb 
SPORT  运动  
transitive UK (US cover) 
■to prevent a member of the opposing team from taking control of the ball by staying close to them all the time 
  （球类团体比赛中）盯防UK verb 
be marked out as sth UK (US be marked as sth) 
■to be shown to be different because of a certain characteristic    被区分（或识别）出是
I can't speak a word of French so I'm marked out as a foreigner as soon as I arrive in France.   我一句法语也不会说，所以一到法国就被认出是外国人。UK verb 
(You) mark my words! old-fashioned 
■something that you say when you tell someone about something that you are certain will happen in the future 
  （告诉别人某事将来肯定会发生时用语）（你）记住我的话！
He'll cause trouble - you mark my words!   他会惹麻烦的——你记住我的话！UK verb 
mark time 
■to march in one place without moving forward    原地踏步
■to do little while waiting for something that is going to happen    停滞不前
She's just marking time until she goes off to university.   她在上大学之前，一直是在混日子。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] mark sth down 
REDUCE  
■to reduce the price of something, usually in order to encourage people to buy it 
  （尤指为促销而）降低…的价格
Low consumer demand has forced us to mark down a wide range of goods, sometimes by as much as 30%.   低迷的消费需求迫使我们降低了许多商品的价格，有时降幅高达30%。
Shares in the electricity companies were marked down following the announcement of the new energy tax.   新的能源税颁布后，电力公司的股价　随即纷纷下跌。
RECORD  
■to write something on a piece of paper in order to make a record of it    记下，写下
I've marked down the number of each item sold.   卖出的每件东西的号码我都记下来了。
Look carefully at these questions and mark your answers down in the right-hand column.   仔细审题，然后在右栏中写下答案。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   mark sb down as sth 
■to consider someone as a particular type of person    将某人看作，认为（某人）是（某类人）
I'd marked her down as a Labour Party supporter, but I was completely wrong.   我以为她是工党的支持者，但我完全错了。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] mark sth/sb off 
■If you mark off things or people that are on a list, you record that you have dealt with them 
  （从表中）勾去，划掉（表示已处理好）
As I complete each task I mark it off.   我每做完一项工作，就将它划掉。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   mark sth off 
■to separate an area by putting something around it    划出；隔开
Police had marked off the area where the body was found.   警方把发现尸体的地方封锁起来。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   mark sth out 
■to show the shape or position of something by drawing a line around it    画出；画线标出
He'd marked out a volleyball court on the beach with a stick.   他用棍子在沙滩上画出了一个排球场。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] mark sth up


mark 1	* to increase the price of something 
提高…的价格
They buy paintings at auctions, mark them up and then resell them at a vast profit to collectors.   他们在拍卖会上购买画作，再加价转手卖给收藏家，赚取高额利润。
In the days of hyperinflation, we would rush to the market as soon as we were paid and buy our weekly groceries before they were marked up.   在恶性通货膨胀时期，一发工资我们就冲到市场，赶在涨价之前买回一周所需的食品杂货。
Shares in retail businesses were marked up on the news that consumer spending rose last month.   上个月消费支出上升的消息带动了零售业股价上涨。




★☆☆   markdown
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a reduction in the price of something    减价，削价
We're offering a 10% markdown on selected items.   我们一些指定的商品减价10%。



★☆☆   marked
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes a change or difference in behaviour or a situation that is very obvious or noticeable    明显的，显著的
There was a marked improvement in my health when I gave up smoking.   戒烟后我的健康有了明显的改善。
Unemployment has fallen again, although the change is less marked than last month.   失业率再度下降，尽管降幅没有上个月般明显。
The president spoke with passion for an hour, in marked contrast to his subdued address to the parliament yesterday.   总统慷慨激昂地讲了一个小时，与昨天在议会上低声平和的发言形成了鲜明的对比。



★☆☆   marked man/woman 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■someone who is at risk of unpleasant action being taken against them    被监视的人，处于危险中的人
He is still free to travel the world, but he knows that he is a marked man.   他仍可在世界各地自由旅行，但他知道自己已经被盯上了。



★☆☆   marker
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
SYMBOL  标志  
■a sign which shows where something is    标识，标志
I've put in some markers where I planted the seeds.   我在播种的地方放了些标志物。
She reached the 500-metre marker in record time.   她以破纪录的时间到达了500米标志线。UK noun countable 
PEN  笔     (also marker pen) 
■a thick pen for writing or drawing    记号笔



★☆☆   market
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
BUYING AND SELLING  买和卖  
 ESSENTIAL  
■the people who might want to buy something, or a part of the world where something is sold    买方；市场
Are you sure there's a market for the product?   你肯定这种产品有市场吗？
We estimate the potential market for the new phones to be around one million people in this country alone.   我们估计，仅在这个国家新型电话的潜在市场就有100万人左右。
The domestic market is still depressed, but demand abroad is picking up.   国内市场仍然低迷，但国外需求正逐步上升。
They've increased their share of the market by 10% over the past year.   过去一年他们的市场占有率增加了10%。
 ESSENTIAL  
■the business or trade in a particular product, including financial products 
  （金融等特定产品的）买卖，市场
the coffee market   咖啡市场
the economic market   经济市场
the commodities market   商品市场
the stock market   股票市场
the job market   就业市场
the housing market   房地产市场
in the market for sth 
■interested in buying something    想购买
Thanks for the offer, but I'm not in the market for another car at the moment.   谢谢你提供的优惠，但目前我无意再买一辆汽车。
on the market 
■available for sale    有供应，在出售，上市
We put our house on the market as soon as house prices started to rise.   房价一涨，我们就卖房子。
This is one of the best televisions on the market.   这是市场上最好的电视机之一。
The pictures would sell for half a million on the open market (= if offered for sale without a fixed price).   这些画在公开市场上可卖到50万。UK noun countable 
PLACE  地方  
 IMPROVER  
■a place or event at which people meet in order to buy and sell things    集市，市集；市场
Fruit and vegetables are much cheaper from/ in/on the market than in the supermarket.   市场上的水果和蔬菜比超市便宜得多。
She runs a stall in/on the market.   她在市场上有一个货摊。
The indoor flower market is a big tourist attraction.   室内花市对旅客有很大的吸引力。
a craft market   工艺品市场
The town's always busy on market day.   镇子在赶集那天总是很热闹。
⇨ See also marketplaceUK noun countable 
SHOP  商店     US 
■a shop that sells mainly food    食品店
⇨ See also hypermarket;supermarketUK verb transitive 
 IMPROVER  
■to make goods available to buyers in a planned way which encourages people to buy more of them, for example by advertising    促销；推销；行销
Their products are very cleverly marketed.   他们产品的行销方式很巧妙。



★☆☆   marketable
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■Marketable products or skills are easy to sell because a lot of people want them    有销路的，畅销的
This is a highly marketable product.   这是个十分畅销的产品。



★☆☆   marketeer
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who works in or supports a particular market system    市场经营者；支援特定市场体制者
Under the old regime black marketeers would buy almost anything from Western tourists and resell it at an enormous profit.   在旧体制下，黑市商人几乎买下西方游客手中所有的东西，再转手赚取巨额利润。
Free marketeers are vehemently opposed to the new safety regulations.   主张自由贸易者强烈反对新的安全法规。



★☆☆   market forces 
—————————————————
plural noun 
■the forces that decide price levels in an economy or trading system whose activities are not influenced or limited by government    市场力量（指在经济活动不受政府影响或限制的经济体系或交易体制中决定价格水准的力量）
The action of market forces means that the cost of something rises if demand for it rises and the amount available remains constant.   市场力量的作用表现为在商品数量不变的情况下，需求增加则价格上升。



★☆☆   market garden 
—————————————————
noun countable UK (US truck farm) 
■a small farm where fruit and vegetables are grown for selling to the public 
  （以供应市场为目的的）蔬果农场



