★☆☆   face pack 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a substance like cream which is left on the face to dry and is then removed, in order to clean and tighten the skin 
  （清洁、紧致肌肤的）面膜



★☆☆   face powder 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■skin-coloured powder used on the face to make it look less shiny and more attractive    扑面粉，敷面粉



★☆☆   face-saving
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
■done so that other people will continue to respect you    保全面子的；体面的
a face-saving exercise/gesture   保全面子的做法／姿态



★☆☆   facet
—————————————————
noun countable 
■one part of a subject, situation, etc. that has many parts 
  （问题、形势等的）方面，部分
She has so many facets to her personality.   她的性格具有多面性。
■one of the small flat surfaces cut on a precious stone 
  （宝石的）琢面，小平面



★☆☆   facetious
—————————————————
 disapproving 
adjective 
■not serious about a serious subject, in an attempt to be funny or to appear clever    不问场合乱讲话的；乱引人发笑的
facetious remarks   不问场合乱说的话
He's just being facetious.   他只是在乱开玩笑。



★☆☆   face-to-face
—————————————————
adverb [before noun] adjective 
■directly, meeting someone in the same place    面对面（的）
We've spoken on the phone but never face-to-face.   我们通过电话，但素未谋面。
She came face-to-face with the gunman as he strode into the playground.   持枪歹徒大步走到操场时，她碰个正着。



★☆☆   face value 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■the value or price which is shown on, for example, a stamp, a coin or a bank note 
  （邮票、硬币、纸币等的）票面价值，面值



★☆☆   facial
—————————————————
adjective 
■of or on the face    面部的，脸上的
facial hair   脸部汗毛
facial cleansers and moisturizers   面部清洁和保湿用品
facial expressions   面部表情noun countable 
■a beauty treatment which cleans and improves the skin of the face with creams (= thick liquids) and gentle rubbing    面部美容护理
Beauty treatments range from an eyelash tint at £8 to a deep cleansing facial costing £58.   美容护理服务价格不一，包括收费8英镑的染睫毛和收费58英镑的面部深层清洁。



★☆☆   facile
—————————————————
adjective 
■describes a remark or theory which is too simple and has not been thought about enough 
  （言语或理论）轻率的，未经深思熟虑的
a facile explanation   信口开河的解释
We must avoid facile recriminations about who was to blame.   我们必须避免随意指责、怪罪别人。



★☆☆   facilitate
—————————————————
 formal 
verb transitive 
■to make possible or easier    促进；促使；使便利
The new ramp will facilitate the entry of wheelchairs.   新的坡道将可方便轮椅进入。
The current structure does not facilitate efficient work flow.   当前的体系不利于实施高效的工作流程。



★☆☆   facilitator
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who helps a person or organization do something more easily or find the answer to a problem, by discussing things and suggesting ways of doing things    帮助者；协助者；诱导者（透过讨论、提出建议，帮助个人、组织提高效率或解决问题）
I see my role as that of a facilitator, enabling other people to work in the way that suits them best.   我认为我的角色是诱导他人以最适合他们的方式工作。



★☆☆   facility
—————————————————
UK noun 
BUILDING  建筑物  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■a place, especially including buildings, where a particular activity happens 
  （尤指包含多个建筑物，有特定用途的）场所
a nuclear research facility   核研究中心
a military facility   军事机构
a new sports facility   新的运动场所
facilities [plural] 
 IMPROVER  
■the buildings, equipment and services provided for a particular purpose    设施；设备
shopping facilities   购物设施
medical facilities   医疗设施
sports facilities   体育设施UK noun 
ABILITY  能力  
countable or uncountable 
■an ability, feature or quality    天资，才能；特色
His facility for languages is astonishing.   他的语言天赋惊人。
a phone with a memory facility   具有储存记忆功能的电话



★☆☆   facing
—————————————————
noun 
countable 
■an outer layer covering a wall, etc    墙面；面层
The wall was built of rubble with a facing of stone.   墙壁以粗石砌成，石头覆面。
countable or uncountable 
■an extra layer of material sewn to the inside edge of a piece of clothing to strengthen it, or to the outside, especially of collars and the ends of sleeves, for decoration 
  （尤指衣领和袖口的）衬里，贴边，镶边
A blue jacket with white facing   有白色镶边的蓝色短上衣



★☆☆   facsimile
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an exact copy, especially of a document 
  （尤指文件的）摹本，复制本
a facsimile of the original manuscript   原始手稿的复制本
formal    * a fax 



★☆☆   fact
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■something which is known to have happened or to exist, especially something for which proof exists, or about which there is information    现实，实际情况；（尤指）事实，真相
No decision will be made till we know all the facts.   了解全部事实前我们不会作任何决定。
I don't know all the facts about the case.   这个案子的情况我不完全了解。
I'm not angry that you took my car - it's just the fact that you didn't ask me first.   我生气并不是因为你用了我的车，而是你事先没征求我同意。
He knew for a fact that Natalie was lying.   他肯定纳塔莉在撒谎。
It's sometimes hard to separate fact from fiction.   有时很难区分事实和虚构。
as a matter of fact  ADVANCED  (also in (actual) fact) 
 ESSENTIAL  
■used to add emphasis to what you are saying, or to show that it is the opposite of or different from what went before    其实，实际上
No I don't work. In fact, I've never had a job.   不，我不工作。事实上，我从来没工作过。
"Have you always lived here?" "As a matter of fact (= The truth is) I've only lived here for the last three years."   “你一直住在这里吗？”“其实我在这里才住了三年。”
a fact of life 
■something unpleasant which cannot be avoided    无法逃避的现实
Going bald is just a fact of life.   秃头是无法逃避的现实。
facts and figures 
■exact detailed information    翔实的资料；准确的资料
We are getting some facts and figures together and we will then have a full board meeting.   我们将把一些详细资料汇集，然后开一个全体董事出席的董事大会。
the facts of life 
■details about sexual activity and the way that babies are born    性知识；生育常识noun countable or uncountable 
  Common Learner Errors   in fact   Remember: in fact is not written as one word.   Don't write 'infact', write in fact :
✗ It didn't rain at all. Infact, the weather was perfect.



★☆☆   fact-finding
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
■done in order to discover information for your company, government, etc    实情调查的
a fact-finding mission/trip   核查事实的工作／实情调查之行



★☆☆   faction
—————————————————
 mainly disapproving 
noun countable 
■a group within a larger group, especially one with slightly different ideas from the main group 
  （大团体中的）派别，派系，小集团
the left-wing faction of the party   党内左翼派别



★☆☆   factitious
—————————————————
 formal 
adjective 
■false or artificial    虚假的；人为的
He has invented a wholly factitious story about his past.   他给自己的过去编造了一整套谎言。



★☆☆   factoid
—————————————————
 humorous 
noun countable 
■an interesting piece of information    有趣消息；趣闻



★☆☆   factor
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
FACT  事实  
 ESSENTIAL  
■a fact or situation which influences the result of something    因素；要素
People's voting habits are influenced by political, social and economic factors.   人们的选举习惯受政治、社会和经济因素的影响。
Heavy snow was a contributing factor in the accident.   大雪是引发这次意外的一项因素。
Price will be a major/crucial factor in the success of this new product.   价格将是这款新产品能否畅销的主要／关键因素。
The economy is regarded as the decisive/key factor which will determine the outcome of the general election.   经济被视为影响大选结果的决定性／关键性因素。
informal The film's success is largely due to its feel-good factor (= its ability to make people feel happy).   这部影片取得成功在很大程度上是由于其予人虚幻的满足。UK noun countable 
NUMBER  数字     specialized 
■in mathematics, any whole number which is produced when you divide a larger number by another whole number    因数，因数
Two, three, four and six are all factors of twelve.   2、3、4 和6都是12的因数。
■specialized 
■a particular level on some systems of measurement    系数
a factor 20 suntan cream   防晒系数为20的防晒霜
a wind chill factor of -20   风寒指数-20
by a factor of specialized 
■If an amount becomes larger or smaller by a factor of a particular number, it becomes that number of times larger or smaller    以…的倍数
Cases of leukaemia in the area near the nuclear reactor have risen by a factor of four.   核反应堆附近地区的白血病病例已增长四倍。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   factor sth in (also factor sth into sth) 
■to include something when you are doing a calculation, or when you are trying to understand something    把…因素包括进去
People are earning more, but when inflation is factored in, they are no better off.   人们赚的钱比以前多了，但将通货膨胀因素考虑在内，他们并没有比以前富裕。
The age of the patients and their overall health must be factored into the results.   在评价治疗效果时，必须将患者的年龄和他们的整体健康状况等因素考虑进去。




★☆☆   factorize
—————————————————
(UK usually factorise) UK US  (also factor) 
verb transitive specialized 
■If you factorize a number, you divide it into factors.    将…分解成因数



★☆☆   factory
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a building or set of buildings where large amounts of goods are made using machines    工厂
a car/shoe/textile factory   汽车／制鞋／纺织厂
a factory worker/manager   工厂工人／经理



★☆☆   factory farming 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a system of farming in which a lot of animals are kept in a small closed area, in order to produce a large amount of meat, eggs or milk as cheaply as possible    工厂化养殖
a campaign against factory farming   反对工厂化养殖的运动



★☆☆   factory floor 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the area where the ordinary workers in a factory work    车间；厂房
The company has been criticized for the lack of safety on the factory floor.   该公司因其厂房不安全而受到指责。noun countable 
on the factory floor 
■involving ordinary workers rather than managers    涉及普通工人（而非管理者）
That sort of decision should be taken on the factory floor.   那种决定应由厂房工人作。



★☆☆   factory ship 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a large ship which has equipment for keeping the fish caught by other smaller ships fresh, usually by freezing them    加工渔船（一种能冷藏，保鲜小渔船捕获的鱼类的大型渔船）



★☆☆   factory shop
—————————————————
(also factory _store, factory _outlet) 
noun countable 
■a shop that sells things more cheaply because it sells them directly from the company which made them    直销店；工厂直营店（以较低价钱，销售直接来自厂家的产品的商店）



★☆☆   factotum
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
noun countable 
■a person employed to do all types of jobs for someone    事务总管；勤杂工
She was a general factotum at the restaurant - washing dishes, cleaning the floors and polishing the furniture.   她是餐馆的勤杂工——洗碗、扫地、擦桌抹凳样样都做。



★☆☆   factsheet
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a written document containing information for the public 
  （公开的）事实清单，资料页
A set of factsheets accompanies the TV series.   该电视系列节目配有一套介绍资料。



★☆☆   factual
—————————————————
adjective 
■using or consisting of facts    事实的；真实的
She gave a clear, factual account of the attack.   她如实地清晰陈述了遇袭经过。



★☆☆   faculty
—————————————————
UK noun 
ABILITY  能力  
countable usually plural 
■a natural ability to hear, see, think, move, etc    官能，机能
Even at the age of 100, she still had all her faculties.   尽管年届一百高龄，她的一切身体机能仍然保持正常。
Is he in command/possession of all his faculties (= Can he still hear, speak, see and think clearly) ?   他身体一切机能均正常吗？
countable 
■a special ability to do a particular thing    能力，才能
She has a faculty for inspiring confidence in people.   她具有激发他人信心的能力。
Studying has certainly sharpened my critical faculties (= taught me to think carefully about things using my judgment).   学习的确增强了我的分析判断能力。UK noun 
COLLEGE  学院  
countable 
■a group of departments in a college which specialize in a particular subject or group of subjects 
  （高等院校的）系，院
the Arts/Law Faculty   文学／法学院
the Faculty of Science   理学院
countable US 
■the people who teach in a department in a college    （高等院校中院系的）全体教师



★☆☆   fad
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a style, activity or interest which is very popular for a short period of time    一时的风尚；短暂的狂热
the latest health fad   最新健康时尚
There was a fad for wearing ripped jeans a few years ago.   几年前有一阵子流行穿有洞的牛仔裤。



★☆☆   faddism
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a tendency to like a style, activity or interest for a very short period of time    追随流行；赶时髦；短暂地热爱某风格、活动或兴趣的行为倾向



★☆☆   faddy
—————————————————
 (also faddish) 
adjective 
■liking or disliking particular things, especially food, for no good reason    有特殊好恶的；（尤指）挑食的
I was a really faddy eater when I was young.   我小时候十分挑食。



★☆☆   fade
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive 
 IMPROVER  
■to (cause to) lose colour, brightness or strength gradually 
  （使）褪色；（使）变暗；（使）衰弱
If you hang your clothes out in the bright sun, they will fade.   衣服挂在光线强的地方晾晒会褪色。
My suntan is already fading.   我晒黑的肤色已经开始变浅了。
They arrived home just as the light was fading (= as it was going dark).   夕阳西下时，他们到家了。
The sun had faded the blue walls.   太阳把蓝色的墙晒得褪色了。verb intransitive or transitive 
be fading away/fast 
■to be growing weaker and thinner and to be likely to die soon    变得虚弱；奄奄一息verb intransitive or transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   fade away 
■to slowly disappear, lose importance or become weaker    逐渐消失；变得无足轻重；变弱
The voices became louder and closer and then faded away again.   人声越来越嘈杂，越来越近，接着又逐渐消失了。
As the years passed, the memories faded away.   岁月流逝，那些记忆都淡忘了。verb intransitive or transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [I or M] fade (sth) in 
■If the picture or sound of a film or recording fades in, or someone fades it in, it becomes gradually stronger. 
  （使）（画面）渐显；（使）（声音）渐强verb intransitive or transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [I or M] fade (sth) out 
■If the picture or sound of a film or recording fades out or someone fades it out, it becomes gradually weaker. 
  （使）（画面）渐隐；（使）（声音）渐弱




★☆☆   faded
—————————————————
adjective 
■less bright in colour than before    褪色的
faded jeans   褪色的牛仔裤
faded curtains/wallpaper   褪色的窗帘／墙纸
figurative a faded beauty (= a woman who was beautiful in the past)   美人迟暮



★☆☆   faeces
—————————————————
(mainly US feces) ['fi:.si:z]
plural noun formal 
■the solid waste passed out of the body of a human or animal through the bowels    粪便；排泄物
The disease is spread by the contamination of food and water by faeces.   这种疾病是由排泄物所造成的食物和水源污染传播的。



★☆☆   faff
—————————————————
noun UK informal 
be a faff 
■to need a lot of effort or cause slight problems    费力；引起麻烦
Stripping the walls was a real faff.   刮墙皮真是件费力的事情。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   faff about/around UK informal 
■to spend your time doing a lot of things which are not important instead of the thing that you should be doing    瞎忙，不做正事
I wish you'd stop faffing about and do something useful!   我希望你别再瞎忙，做些正经事！




★☆☆   fag
—————————————————
noun 
CIGARETTE  香烟  
countable UK slang 
■a cigarette    香烟
a packet of fags   一包烟
She's gone outside for a quick fag.   她出去抽根烟，很快就回来。
There were fag ends all over the floor.   地板上到处都是烟蒂。noun 
HOMOSEXUAL  同性恋的  
countable US slang 
■an offensive word for a homosexual man 
  （冒犯语）男同性恋者noun 
TROUBLE  麻烦  
be a fag mainly UK informal 
■to be boring and tiring to do    是苦差；是枯燥的工作
It's such a fag to have to make your bed every morning.   每天早上都要收拾床铺，真是让人厌烦。noun 
YOUNG BOY  年幼男孩  
countable UK old-fashioned 
■(at some large British private schools) a younger boy who has to do jobs for an older boy 
  （某些英国私立学校中受高年级男生使唤的）低年级男生noun 
the fag end of sth UK informal 
■the last, and often worst, part of something 
  （常指最糟糕的）结尾
We always used to go on holiday at the fag end of the holiday season.   我们过去总是在度假季节的季末去休假。verb intransitive (-gg-)    UK old-fashioned 
■If a younger boy fags for an older boy at a British private school, he does jobs for him. 
  （英国私立学校中低年级男生）听高年级男生使唤verb intransitive (-gg-)    UK old-fashioned 
can't be fagged UK informal 
■If you can't be fagged to do something, you are unwilling to make the effort that is needed to do it    吃不消，受不了劳累
I can't be fagged to walk all the way there.   要我一路走到那里，我可吃不消。



★☆☆   fagged (out)
—————————————————
mainly UK informal 
adjective 
■tired and bored    疲倦的；劳累的；厌倦的



★☆☆   faggot
—————————————————
noun 
HOMOSEXUAL  同性恋的  
countable (informal fag) mainly US slang 
■a homosexual man. This word is considered offensive when it is used by people who are not homosexual.    男同性恋者（非同性恋者使用该词时被认为具冒犯意味）noun 
WOOD  木头     (ALSO US also fagot) countable usually plural old-fashioned 
■sticks of wood, tied together, which are used as fuel for a fire    一捆柴；柴把noun 
FOOD  食物  
countable usually plural UK 
■a ball of meat mixed with bread and herbs, which is fried or cooked in sauce    炸肉丸；碎肉丸



★☆☆   fag hag
—————————————————
 slang 
noun countable 
■a woman who likes to spend time with homosexual men    喜欢与男同性恋者厮混的女子



★☆☆   fah
—————————————————
(also fa) [f&#x251;:]
noun [S or U] 
■the fourth note in the sol-fa musical scale    发（全音阶的第四音）



★☆☆   Fahrenheit
—————————————————
 (written abbreviation F) 
adjective noun uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■of a measurement of temperature on a standard in which 32° is the temperature at which water freezes and 212° that at which it boils    华氏的；华氏温标（冰点为32度，沸点为212度）
Shall I give you the temperature in Celsius or in Fahrenheit?   我应该告诉你摄氏还是华氏温度？
It was 80°F in the shade.   阴凉处的温度为华氏80度。
Data are recorded in degrees Fahrenheit.   温度数据用华氏度纪录。    Compare Celsius



★☆☆   fail
—————————————————
verb 
NOT SUCCEED  未成功  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive 
■to not succeed in what you are trying to achieve or are expected to do    失败；未能做到
She moved to London in the hope of finding work as a model, but failed.   她搬到伦敦，希望找份模特儿的工作，但没找到。
This method of growing tomatoes never fails.   这种种植番茄的方法屡试不爽。
He failed in his attempt to break the record.   他未能打破纪录。
[+ to infinitive] She failed to reach the Wimbledon Final this year.   今年她未能进入温布顿网球赛决赛。
The reluctance of either side to compromise means that the talks are doomed to (= will certainly) fail.   双方均不愿让步意味着会谈注定要失败。
if all else fails 
■if none of our plans succeed    如果计划均告失败
If all else fails, we can always spend the holidays at home.   如果所有计划都无法成行，我们总还可以在家度假。verb 
EXAMINATION  考试  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to be unsuccessful, or to judge that someone has been unsuccessful in a test or examination 
  （使）不及格；（使）未能通过（考试）
I passed in history but failed in chemistry.   我通过了历史考试，但化学考试不及格。
A lot of people fail their driving test the first time.   许多人首次参加驾驶执照考试都通不过。
The examiners failed him because he hadn't answered enough questions.   考官评他不及格，因为他没有答完规定的题数。verb 
NOT DO  未做  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive 
■to not do something which you should do    未做；未履行
[+ to infinitive] He failed to arrive on time.   他未能准时到达。
The club had been promised a grant from the council, but the money failed to (= did not) materialize.   委员会承诺给俱乐部拨一笔款项，但没有兑现诺言。
You couldn't fail to be (= It is impossible that you would not be) affected by the film.   你不可能不被这部影片打动。
I'd be failing in my duty if I didn't tell you about the risks involved in the project.   我如果不把这个企划案涉及的风险告诉你，就是失职。
fail to see/understand 
■used when you do not accept something    不明白，不理解
I fail to see wh y you can't work on a Saturday.   我不明白为甚么你星期六不能工作。verb 
STOP  停止  
intransitive 
■to become weaker or stop working completely    变弱；衰退；失灵
If my eyesight fails, I'll have to stop doing this job.   如果视力衰退，我就必须放弃这份工作。
The brakes failed and the car crashed into a tree.   煞车失灵，汽车撞到树上。
After talking non-stop for two hours, her voice started to fail.   滔滔不绝地讲了两个钟头之后，她的声音开始沙哑了。
The old man was failing fast (= He was dying).   老人奄奄一息。
intransitive 
■If a business fails, it is unable to continue because of money problems. 
  （公司）倒闭，破产verb 
NOT HELP  未帮助  
transitive 
■to not help someone when they expected you to    辜负；对…无能为力
He failed her when she most needed him.   她最需要他的时候，他却辜负了她。
When I looked down and saw how far I had to jump, my courage failed me (= I felt very frightened).   当我往下看，看到自己要跳多远时，就泄了气。noun countable 
■an unsuccessful result in a course, test or examination 
  （课程的）未通过；（考试的）不及格
John got three passes and four fails in his exams.   约翰考试三门及格，四门不及格。noun countable 
without fail 
■If you do something without fail, you always do it    总是；必定
I go to the gym every Monday and Wednesday, without fail.   我每逢周一和周三必定去健身房。
■used to tell someone that they must do something    务必；一定
Be there at nine o'clock, without fail.   九点钟务必到那里。



★☆☆   failed
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
■having not succeeded    不成功的，失败的
a failed actress/writer   不成功的女演员／作家
She has two failed marriages behind her.   她已经历过两次失败的婚姻。



★☆☆   failing
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a fault or weakness    弱点；缺点
His one big failing is that he never says he's sorry.   他的一大缺点是从来不肯道歉。preposition 
■if that is not possible    如果不行，若无
Give her a book, or failing that , buy her something to wear.   送她一本书，如果没有就给她买件衣服。
Appointments are available on the 2nd and the 6th of this month but failing either of those, we could fit you in on the 15th.   本月2号和6号可以预约，如果都不行，我们可以为您安排在本月15号。adjective 
■becoming weaker or less successful    衰退中的；逐渐减弱的；渐趋失败的
a failing business   日渐衰败的企业
failing eyesight   衰退的视力
In the failing light, it was hard to read the signposts.   天色渐暗，难以看清路标。



★☆☆   fail-safe
—————————————————
adjective 
■very unlikely to fail    万无一失的，万全的
a fail-safe plan   万无一失的计划
■If something is fail-safe, it has been designed so that if one part of it does not work, the whole thing does not become dangerous    可自动防止故障危害的；有自动保险装置的
a fail-safe device   故障保护装置



★☆☆   failure
—————————————————
UK noun 
NO SUCCESS  失败  
 ESSENTIAL  countable or uncountable 
■when someone or something does not succeed    失败；失败的人（或事）
The meeting was a complete/total failure.   这次会议是彻头彻尾的失败。
I'm a bit of a failure at making (= I cannot make) cakes.   我做蛋糕做得比较失败。
I feel such a failure (= so unsuccessful).   我觉得自己太失败了。
Their attempt to climb the Eiger ended in failure.   他们攀登艾格峰的尝试以失败告终。
The whole project was doomed to failure right from the start (= It could never have succeeded).   整个专案计划从一开始就注定了要失败。UK noun 
NOT DO  没做到  
 IMPROVER  uncountable + to infinitive 
■when you do not do something that you must do or are expected to do    未履行；没做到
His failure to return her phone call told her that something was wrong.   他没给她回电话，这使她觉得有些事情不对头。
Failure to keep the chemical at the right temperature could lead to an explosion.   化学品存放在不合适的温度下有可能会发生爆炸。UK noun 
STOP  停止  
 ADVANCED  countable or uncountable 
■when something does not work, or stops working as well as it should    故障；失灵；衰退；衰竭
He died of heart/liver failure.   他死于心脏／肝功能衰竭。
The accident was caused by the failure of the reactor's cooling system.   反应堆冷却系统发生故障，酿成事故。
The number of business failures rose steeply last year.   去年倒闭的公司数量激增。
After three crop failures in a row, the people face starvation.   连续三年庄稼歉收，老百姓面临饥荒。



★☆☆   faint
—————————————————
adjective 
SLIGHT  轻微的  
 ADVANCED  
■not strong or clear; slight    微弱的；不清晰的；微小的
a faint sound/noise/smell   微弱的声音／隐约的声响／淡淡的气味
The lamp gave out a faint glow.   灯发出微弱的光。
She gave me a faint smile of recognition.   她认出了我，向我淡淡一笑。
There's not the faintest hope of ever finding him.   没有丝毫找到他的希望。
She bears a faint resemblance to my sister.   她和我姐姐长得有点像。
I have a faint suspicion that you may be right!   我隐约觉得你可能是对的！
not have the faintest idea informal 
■used to emphasize that you do not know something    根本不知道
"Is she going to stay?" "I haven't the faintest idea."   “她要留下来吗？”“我一点也不知道。”
I haven't the faintest idea what you're talking about!   我根本不知道你在说甚么！adjective 
BECOMING UNCONSCIOUS  快要晕倒似的  
feel faint 
■to feel weak, as if you are about to become unconscious    虚弱无力；感到晕眩；快要晕倒似的
She felt faint with hunger.   她饿得头昏眼花。adjective 
 Faint heart never won fair lady. old-fashioned saying 
■used to tell someone that they must make a lot of effort if they want to achieve something difficult    要想啃下硬骨头，必须费点力气。／一分耕耘，一分收获。verb intransitive 
 ADVANCED  
■to suddenly become unconscious for a short time, usually falling down    昏厥；晕倒
He faints at the sight of blood.   他一见血就晕。
I nearly fainted in the heat.   我差点热得昏了过去。
She took one look at the hypodermic needle and fainted (dead) away (= became unconscious immediately).   她一看到注射针头就昏了过去。noun only singular 
■when someone suddenly becomes unconscious    昏厥
On receiving the news, she fell into a dead faint.   听到消息，她昏死过去。



★☆☆   faint-hearted
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■describes someone who is not confident or brave and dislikes taking unnecessary risks    胆怯的；怯懦的
The terrorist threat in the region has kept faint-hearted tourists away.   这个地区受恐怖分子的威胁，使胆小的旅客裹足不前。UK plural noun 
the faint-hearted 
■people who are not brave    胆小的人
The drive along the winding coast road is not for the faint-hearted.   胆小的人不适合在蜿蜒曲折的沿海道路上开车。



★☆☆   faintly
—————————————————
adverb 
■slightly or not strongly    略微地；不强烈地
She seemed faintly embarrassed to see us there.   看到我们在那里她似乎有点尴尬。
A light flickered faintly in the distance.   一丝亮光在远处若隐若现。



★☆☆   faintness
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
NOT CLEAR  模糊  
■the quality of not being strong or clear    微弱；模糊
The faintness of the handwriting made the manuscript difficult to read.   手稿的字迹模糊，难以阅读。noun uncountable 
BECOMING UNCONSCIOUS  快要晕倒似的  
■the feeling that you are about to become unconscious    头昏，晕眩；近乎昏厥
Faintness and morning sickness can be signs that you are pregnant.   头昏和晨吐都可能是怀孕的征兆。



★☆☆   fair
—————————————————
UK adjective 
RIGHT  正当的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■treating someone in a way that is right or reasonable, or treating a group of people equally and not allowing personal opinions to influence your judgment    合理的；公平的；公正的；平等待人的
a fair trial   公正的审讯
Why should I have to do all the cleaning? It's not fair!   为甚么我要做所有的打扫工作？这不公平！
It's not fair on Joe (= It is not right) to make him do all the work!   所有的工作都由乔做，这对他不公平！
It's not fair that she's allowed to go and I'm not!   允许她去，却不许我去，这不公平！
It's not fair to blame me for everything!   把一切都怪在我头上，这不公平！
She's scrupulously fair with all her employees (= she treats them all equally).   她对所有的员工都一视同仁。
She claims her article was a fair comment on (= a reasonable thing to say about) a matter of public interest.   她声称她的文章是对公众利益问题提出的公正合理的意见。
He offered to do all the cleaning if I did all the cooking, which seemed like a fair (= reasonable) deal.   他提议如果我做饭，他就做好所有的打扫清洁，这似乎挺公平合理的。
 ESSENTIAL  
■If something, such as a price or share, is fair, it is reasonable and is what you expect or deserve 
  （价格、分配等）合理的，恰当的
I thought it was a fair price that she was offering.   我觉得她的报价是合理的。
I'm willing to do my fair (= equal) share of the work.   我愿意做我应该承担的那部分工作。
All the workers want is a fair wage for the work that they do.   工人想要的只是与他们的工作相称的合理报酬。
 ESSENTIAL  
■If a game or competition is fair, it is done according to the rules 
  （比赛）按规则进行的，公平的
It was a fair fight.   这是一场公平的拳击赛。
it's only fair 
■it is the right way to treat someone and what they deserve    只有…才合理；只有…才正确
I think it's only fair to tell you that we have had over 300 applications for this job.   我认为应该告诉你一声，已经有300多人应征这份工作了。
it's fair to say 
■it is true to say    说…是恰当的
I think it's fair to say (that) you've done less of the work than I have.   我觉得说你事情做得比我少是很合理的。
to be fair 
■considering everything that has an effect on a situation, so that a fair judgment can be made    说句公道话
He's done the job badly but, to be fair, I gave him very little time to do it.   他工作做得很糟糕，但是说句公道话，我给他的时间非常少。
fair enough UK informal 
■something you say to show that you understand why someone has done or said something    有道理；做得（或说得）对
"I'm just annoyed with him because he's behaved so badly." "Fair enough."   “令我感到不快的是他太没礼貌了。”“说得没错。”
Fair's fair (also fair do's) informal 
■something that you say when you want someone to behave reasonably or treat you the same as other people    应该公平才是
Come on, it's my turn. Fair's fair!   得了吧，轮到我了。公正一点！
a fair hearing 
■an opportunity to explain something or give your opinions, without other people trying to influence the situation    申辩（或发言）的机会
He didn't feel he got a fair hearing in court.   他觉得在法庭上没有得到公正的申辩机会。
fair and square 
■in an honest way and without any doubt    光明正大地
We won the match fair and square.   这场比赛我们赢得光明正大。
■UK (US squarely) 
■If you hit someone fair and square on a particular part of their body, you hit them hard, exactly on that part    不偏不倚
He hit me fair and square on the nose.   他不偏不倚打中我的鼻子。UK adjective 
PALE  浅色的  
 ADVANCED  
■(of skin) pale, or (of hair) pale yellow or gold 
  （皮肤）白晰的；（头发）浅黄的，金色的
She's got fair hair and blue eyes.   她金发碧眼。
a fair complexion   白晰的肤色
My sister's dark and my brother's fair (= He has fair hair).   我姐姐是黑发，哥哥是金发。
He's fair -haired.   他有一头浅色头发。
All my family are fair -skinned.   我们全家人皮肤都很白。UK adjective 
QUITE LARGE  相当大的  
[before noun] 
■quite large    相当大的
We've had a fair amount of rain this week.   本周我们这里下了不少雨。
We've had a fair number of applicants.   我们已经有相当多的求职者。
It's a fair -sized garden.   这是一座不小的花园。
We've come a long way, but there's still a fair way (= quite a long distance) to go.   我们已经走了很长的路，但是还要走很久。UK adjective 
AVERAGE  一般的  
[after verb] 
■neither very good nor very bad    不好不坏的，一般的
Films are rated on a scale of poor, fair, good and excellent.   影片被评为优、良、中、差四等。
I was fair at science but it was never my thing.   我理科成绩还算过得去，但我从来都不喜欢理科。UK adjective 
QUITE GOOD  相当好的  
[before noun] 
■(of an idea, guess or chance) good, but not excellent 
  （想法、猜测或机会）相当好的，不错的
I think I've got a fair idea of (= I understand reasonably well) what you want.   我想我很了解你想要甚么了。
She's got a fair chance of winning (= There is a reasonable chance that she will win).   她获胜的可能性相当大。UK adjective 
WEATHER  天气  
■(of weather) pleasant and dry 
  （天气）晴朗的
Fair weather was forecast for the following day.   气象预报表示明天天气晴朗。UK adjective 
BEAUTIFUL  漂亮的     old use 
■(of a woman) beautiful 
  （女子）美丽的
a fair maiden   美丽的少女UK adjective 
 All's fair in love and war. saying 
■in love and war you do not have to obey the usual rules about reasonable behaviour    在情场和战场上可以不择手段。UK adjective 
 by fair means or foul 
■If you try to achieve something by fair means or foul, you use any method you can to achieve it, even if it is not honest or fair.    不择手段UK adjective 
a fair crack of the whip UK (US a fair shake) 
■an equal chance to do something    平等的机会
It's only right that all the candidates should be given a fair crack of the whip.   应该给所有候选人平等的机会才合理。UK adjective 
fair to middling informal 
■not very good but not bad    马马虎虎，过得去
"What's your French like?" "Oh, fair to middling."   “你的法语怎么样？”“哦，马马虎虎。”UK adjective 
it's a fair cop UK informal 
■something you say when someone has caught you doing something wrong and you agree that you were wrong 
  （当场被抓获时承认错误）抓得对，抓得没错UK adjective 
with your own fair hand(s) humorous 
■used to say that you have made something yourself    亲手，亲自
"Where did you get this cake?" "I made it with my own fair hands."   “你从哪里弄的蛋糕？”“我一双巧手做出来的。”UK noun countable 
■a large public event where goods are bought and sold, usually from tables which have been specially arranged for the event, and where there is often entertainment    市集
I bought a wooden salad bowl at the local craft fair.   我在当地的手工艺品市集上买了个木制沙拉碗。
■ (UK also funfair) (US also carnival) 
■an outside event where you can ride large machines for pleasure and play games to win prizes    露天游乐会
■a large show at which people who work in a particular industry meet, and sell and advertise their products    商品展销会，商品交易会
a book/antiques/toy fair   书展／古玩交易会／玩具展销会
a trade fair   商品交易会
■a public event in the countryside where farm animals and farm products are sold 
  （农村的）市集
a cattle/agricultural fair   牲畜市场／农产品市集
US a county/state fair   县／州农畜产品市集
mainly US for 
■fête (EVENT)    园游会，游乐会



★☆☆   fair copy 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■the final, corrected copy of a piece of written work    清稿，誊清本



★☆☆   fair dinkum
—————————————————
UK US  Australian informal 
adjective [after verb] adverb exclamation 
■honest(ly) or real(ly)    诚实的（地）；真正的（地）
They beat us fair dinkum.   他们的确击败了我们。



★☆☆   fair game 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■someone or something that should be allowed to be criticized    可批评的人（或事物）
Many journalists consider the royal family fair game.   许多新闻记者把皇室视为可以评论报道的对象。



★☆☆   fair go
—————————————————
 Australian informal 
exclamation 
■something you say when you want someone to act in a reasonable way    公道一些
Fair go mate, let the others have a turn!   公道一点，老兄，给别人一个机会！



★☆☆   fairground
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a large outside area used for a fair    露天游乐场
There was a small fairground just by the river, with a carousel, a roller coaster and a Ferris wheel.   河边有一个小型露天游乐场，里面有旋转木马、云霄飞车和摩天轮。



★☆☆   fair-haired boy
—————————————————
UK noun countable    US for 
■blue-eyed boy 



★☆☆   fairisle
—————————————————
UK US  (also Fair Isle) 
adjective 
■(of knitted clothing) made with a special pattern typical of one of Scotland's Shetland Islands 
  （针织服装）费尔岛杂色图案的
a fairisle cardigan   费尔岛杂色图案的开襟毛衣



★☆☆   fairly
—————————————————
UK adverb 
QUITE  一定地  
 ESSENTIAL  
■more than average, but less than very    相当地；一定地
She's fairly tall.   她个子比较高。
I'm fairly sure that this is the right address.   我相当肯定这个地址没错。
We get on fairly well.   我们相处得不错。
I saw her fairly recently.   我不久前见过她。
■literary 
■used to emphasize figurative expressions which describe what people or objects are doing 
  （用于强调比喻性表述）简直
The answer fairly jumps off the page at you!   答案简直就要从纸上跳到你眼前了！
The dog fairly flew out of the door to greet him.   这只狗简直是飞出门外去迎接他。UK adverb 
IN THE RIGHT WAY  公正地  
 IMPROVER  
■If you do something fairly, you do it in a way which is right and reasonable and treats people equally    公平地；公正地
He claimed that he hadn't been treated fairly by his employers.   他声称受到雇主的不公平对待。
Officials will ensure that the election is carried out fairly.   官员将确保选举公正进行。
fairly and squarely UK (US squarely) 
■completely    完全，彻底
She lays the blame for the recession fairly and squarely on the government.   她把经济衰退完全归咎于政府。



★☆☆   fair-minded
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■treating everyone equally    一视同仁的；公正的，不偏不倚的
a fair-minded employer   一视同仁的雇主



★☆☆   fairness
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
FAIR TREATMENT  公平待遇  
■the quality of treating people equally or in a way that is right or reasonable    公平；公正；合理性
He had a real sense of fairness and hated injustice.   他极富正义感，厌恶不义之事。
The ban on media reporting has made some people question the fairness of the election (= ask whether it was fair).   媒体报道遭禁，一些人因而开始质疑选举的公正性。
in (all) fairness 
■considering everything that has an effect on a situation, so that a fair judgment can be made    综合起来公平地讲
In all fairness, he has been a hard worker.   说句公道话，他工作一直很努力。
In fairness to Diana, she has at least been honest with you.   公道一点，戴安娜至少对你很坦诚。UK noun uncountable 
BEAUTY  美丽     old use 
■beauty    美丽



★☆☆   fair play 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■in sport, when players or teams play according to the rules and no one has an unfair advantage    按规则比赛；公平竞争
■UK 
■fair and honest treatment of people    公平待遇，均等条件
The committee's job is to ensure fair play between all the political parties and candidates during the election.   委员会的任务是确保选举期间各政党及各候选人之间能公平竞争。



★☆☆   fair trade
—————————————————
(also fairtrade) 
noun uncountable 
■a way of buying and selling products that makes certain that the original producer receives a fair price 
  （确保制造商获得合理价格的）公平贸易
Fair trade, say Oxfam, is about giving poor people power.   牛津饥荒救济委员会表示，公平贸易赋予了穷人权力。
fair trade coffee/chocolate   按公平贸易协定产销的咖啡／巧克力



★☆☆   fairway
—————————————————
UK  US  specialized 
noun countable 
■in golf, the area of short grass between the tee (= place where you first hit the ball) and the green (= place where the ball should enter a hole) 
  （高尔夫球场上的）平坦球道
He completely missed the fairway from his tee shot, and his ball ended up in the bushes.   他开球完全偏离球道，球最后落进了灌木丛。



★☆☆   fair-weather friend
—————————————————
UK US disapproving 
noun countable usually singular 
■someone who is a good friend when it is easy for them to be one and who stops when you are having problems    酒肉朋友，不能共患难的朋友



★☆☆   fairy
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
IMAGINARY CREATURE  想像中的生物  
 ADVANCED  
■an imaginary creature with magical powers, usually represented as a very small person with wings    小仙子，小精灵
Do you believe in fairies?   你相信有小仙子吗？
She used to think there were fairies at the bottom of her garden.   她曾经以为她的花园深处有小精灵。
be away with the fairies humorous 
■to behave in a way that is slightly strange    行为举止有点奇怪
It's no good asking her to look after the children - she's away with the fairies most of the time.   她这人有点怪，让她照顾孩子不好。UK noun countable 
HOMOSEXUAL  同性恋的     old-fashioned offensive 
■a homosexual man    兔子（男同性恋者）



★☆☆   fairy bread
—————————————————
 Australian 
noun uncountable 
■a slice of bread covered with butter and very small, brightly coloured balls of sugar    彩糖面包（涂有奶油，洒有小彩糖的面包片）



★☆☆   fairy cake
—————————————————
 UK (US cupcake) 
noun countable 
■a small light cake, often with icing on top 
  （常洒有糖霜的）纸杯蛋糕



★☆☆   fairy godmother 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a magical character in some children's stories who helps someone who is in trouble 
  （童话中）提供帮助的仙女
Cinderella's fairy godmother helped her go to the ball.   在仙女的帮助下，灰姑娘参加了舞会。
■someone who unexpectedly arrives to solve your problems or make good things happen to you    救星；恩人
The company played fairy godmother by deciding to sponsor the club for a further five years.   公司决定再赞助这家俱乐部五年，成了俱乐部的救星。



★☆☆   fairyland
—————————————————
UK noun 
uncountable 
■the place where fairies (= imaginary creatures) are said to live    仙国；仙界
only singular approving 
■a beautiful place with an attractive or special quality    仙境；奇境
It had snowed heavily during the night and in the morning the garden was a white fairyland.   夜里大雪纷纷，清晨花园成了白色的仙境。
uncountable disapproving 
■an imaginary perfect place or situation, where you do not have to deal with problems in a realistic or sensible way    乐土；世外桃源；没有苦恼的仙境
The Minister's argument belongs to fairyland.   部长的论据完全不切实际。
The papers present the countryside as some kind of fairyland.   报纸把乡村描绘得如同世外桃源一般。



★☆☆   fairy lights
—————————————————
 UK 
plural noun 
■small electric lights on a string used as decoration, especially on trees at Christmas 
  （尤指圣诞树上的）彩色小灯



★☆☆   fairy-tale
—————————————————
(also fairytale) UK adjective [before noun] approving 
■having a special and attractive or beautiful quality, like something in a fairy tale    童话般的
They had a fairy-tale wedding.   他们举行了童话般的婚礼。
Sadly, there was no fairy-tale happy ending to the story.   不幸的是，故事并没有童话般的幸福结局。



★☆☆   fairy tale
—————————————————
(also fairy story) 
noun countable 
■a traditional story written for children which usually involves imaginary creatures and magic    童话故事



★☆☆   fait accompli
—————————————————
UK US  (plural faits accomplis)
noun countable 
■an action which has already been done and which cannot be changed    既成事实
The policy change was presented to us as a fait accompli, without consultation or discussion.   未经磋商或讨论，政策上的变化就已成既成事实摆在我们面前。



★☆☆   faith
—————————————————
noun 
TRUST  信任  
 IMPROVER  uncountable 
■great trust or confidence in something or someone    信任；信心
She has no faith in modern medicine.   她对现代医学没有信心。
You'll cope - I have great faith in you.   你应付得了——我对你很有信心。
After the trial, his family said they had lost all faith in the judicial system.   审判之后，他的家人说，他们对司法体系已完全失去信心。
Ministers must start keeping their promises if they want to restore faith in the government.   如果众部长想恢复人们对政府的信任，他们必须开始信守承诺。noun 
RELIGION  宗教  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■a particular religion 
  （某一）宗教
the Muslim/Christian/Jewish/Buddhist faith   伊斯兰教／基督教／犹太教／佛教
They were persecuted for their faith.   他们因宗教信仰而遭受迫害。
He was forced to practise his faith in secret.   他被迫秘密信教。
a multi- faith society   宗教信仰多元化的社会
They were brought up in the true faith (= the religion which the speaker believes is the only true one).   他们在正统的宗教薰陶下长大。
 IMPROVER  uncountable 
■strong belief in God or a particular religion    宗教信仰
Even in the bad times she never lost her faith.   即使在困难时期，她也从未丧失信仰。
Her faith in God was shattered when her baby died.   她的宝宝死后，她对上帝的信仰破灭了。
It's my faith that keeps me going.   是我的信仰给我前进的动力。noun 
accept/take sth on faith 
■to be willing to believe something without proof    未加查核地相信；不加怀疑地相信noun 
 Faith can move mountains. saying 
■This means if someone's beliefs and confidence are strong enough, they can achieve something that is very difficult.    精诚所至，金石为开。noun 
Have faith! 
■If you tell someone to have faith, you are encouraging them to stay confident    用于鼓励某人坚持信念或保持自信
Have faith! It'll be all right in the end.   别气馁！最后一切都会好起来的。noun 
keep faith with sth/sb 
■to continue to support something or someone, or to do what you promised to do in a particular thing    对…信任；对…守信
Despite the continuing recession, the government has asked people to keep faith with its reforms.   尽管经济持续衰退，政府仍然要求人们继续支持改革。
The company has not kept faith with its promise to invest in training.   公司没有信守在训练上投入资金的承诺。noun 
put/place your faith in sth/sb 
■to make a decision to trust something or someone    相信，信任，对…有信心
Some people put their faith in strong leaders rather than sound policies.   一些人相信强而有力的领导者，而不相信健全的政策。



★☆☆   faith-based
—————————————————
adjective mainly US 
■relating to organizations or government ideas and plans which are based on Christian religions beliefs 
  （机构、政府的构思或计划）基于基督教的；基于基督教信仰的
a faith-based counselling organization   有宗教理念的辅导机构



★☆☆   faithful
—————————————————
adjective 
LOYAL  忠诚的  
 ADVANCED  
■loyal    忠诚的；忠实的
a faithful friend   忠诚的朋友
They are faithful supporters of the Labour Party.   他们是工党的忠实拥护者。
His faithful old dog accompanied him everywhere he went.   无论去哪里，他那只忠诚的老狗总是陪伴左右。
 ADVANCED  
■If your husband, wife or partner is faithful, they do not have a sexual relationship with anyone else 
  （配偶或性伴侣）忠诚的，忠贞的
Was your wife faithful during your marriage?   你的妻子婚后忠诚吗？
He was faithful to his wife throughout their 30-year marriage.   在30年的婚姻生活中，他一直忠于妻子。
faithful to sth 
■continuing to support or follow something    对…忠诚
He remained faithful to the president's regime when so many others spoke out against it.   在很多人都公开反对这个总统执政时，他仍效忠于他。
Despite persecution, she remained faithful to her beliefs.   尽管受到迫害，她仍忠于她的信仰。adjective 
ACCURATE  准确的  
■true or not changing any of the details, facts, style, etc. of the original    如实的，丝毫不作改动的
She gave a faithful account of what had happened on that night.   她如实讲述了那晚发生的事情。
I have tried to keep my translation as faithful as possible to the original book.   我尽力使我的翻译忠实于原著。adjective 
RELIGIOUS  宗教  
■following a particular religion    虔诚的
faithful Christians   虔诚的基督徒
faithful followers of Buddhism   佛教的忠实信徒noun 
SUPPORTER  支持者  
countable 
■someone who continues to support someone or something    忠实支持者
He gave a rousing speech to a room full of party faithfuls.   他向满屋子的该政党拥护者发表了激动人心的讲话。noun 
RELIGIOUS PEOPLE  信徒plural noun 
the faithful 
■people who are always loyal to a particular group or organization, especially a political party    忠实信徒；（尤指政党的）忠诚支持者
They asked for donations from the party faithful.   他们要求忠诚的党员捐款。
■the people who believe in a particular religion    虔诚信众，忠实信徒
We heard bells calling the faithful to prayer.   我们听到召集信徒去祈祷的钟声。



★☆☆   faithfully
—————————————————
adverb 
LOYALLY  忠诚地  
■in a loyal way or a way that can be trusted    忠诚地；忠实地
He served the family faithfully for 40 years.   他为这家人忠诚服务了40年。
She promised faithfully (= made a firm promise) that she would never leave him.   她郑重承诺永远不会离开他。
Yours faithfully    mainly UK 
■used at the end of a formal letter beginning with 'Dear Sir' or 'Dear Madam' 
  （用于正式信件结尾）您忠实的
  Common Learner Errors   faithfully   Remember: a formal letter should end with Yours faithfully or Your sincerely.    If the letter is addressed to a particular person, don't write 'Yours faithfully', write Yours sincerely.adverb 
ACCURATELY  准确地  
■in a way that is true or accurate    真实地；准确地
I always follow the instructions on medicine bottles faithfully (= exactly).   我总是完全遵照药瓶上的使用说明。



★☆☆   faithfulness
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the quality of being faithful to someone or something    忠诚，忠实
The bishop stressed the importance of faithfulness in marriage.   主教强调了婚姻中忠诚的重要性。



★☆☆   faith healer 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person who heals using the power of prayer and belief    用信仰疗法治病的人



★☆☆   faithless
—————————————————
adjective 
NOT LOYAL  不忠诚的  
■not loyal and not able to be trusted    不忠诚的；不可信赖的
■not faithful sexually to your marriage partner or usual sexual partner 
  （配偶或性伴侣）不忠贞的
a faithless husband   不忠的丈夫adjective 
NOT RELIGIOUS  无宗教的  
■with no religious faith    无宗教信仰的



★☆☆   faith school 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a school that is financially supported by a particular religious group, usually for children from that religion    宗教学校（由某一宗教团体资助的学校，在校生通常为信仰该宗教的孩子）
a Muslim faith school   穆斯林宗教学校



★☆☆   fajita
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a Mexican dish of meat and vegetables cut into strips, cooked and wrapped inside a tortilla (= thin, round bread)    墨西哥肉菜卷饼



★☆☆   fake
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an object which is made to look real or valuable in order to deceive people    赝品；假货
Experts revealed that the painting was a fake.   专家透露那幅画是赝品。
The gun in his hand was a fake.   他手里的枪是假的。
■someone who is not what or who they say they are    冒充者；骗子
After working for ten years as a doctor, he was exposed as a fake.   行医十年后，他被揭发是个冒牌货。adjective 
■not real, but made to look or seem real    假的，伪造的
He was charged with possessing a fake passport.   他被控持有假护照。
fake fur/blood   人造毛皮／假血verb 
FEELING/ILLNESS  感情／病痛  
intransitive or transitive 
■to pretend that you have a feeling or illness    装出（某种感情）；假装（有病）
to fake surprise   佯装惊讶
to fake an orgasm   假装达到性高潮
She didn't want to go out, so she faked a headache.   她不想出去，就假装头痛。
He faked a heart attack and persuaded prison staff to take him to hospital.   他假装心脏病发作，说服狱警把他送到医院。
He isn't really crying, he's just faking.   他不是真的在哭，只是在装哭。verb 
OBJECT  物体  
transitive 
■to make an object look real or valuable in order to deceive people    伪造
to fake a document/signature   伪造文件／签名



★☆☆   fake tan 
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a substance that you put on your skin to make it look darker as if you have been in the sun    人工日晒肤色用品（一种让皮肤看起来像晒黑了的用品）
Use a fake tan to make yourself look less pale.   用点人工日晒肤色用品，使皮肤黝黑一点。



★☆☆   fakir
—————————————————
(also faqir) UK noun countable 
■a member of an Islamic religious group, or a Hindu holy man 
  （伊斯兰教的）托钵僧；（印度教的）苦行者



★☆☆   falafel
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■felafel 



★☆☆   falcon
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a bird with pointed wings and a long tail which can be trained to hunt other birds and small animals    隼，鹰隼；猎鹰



★☆☆   falconer
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who keeps and often trains falcons for hunting    养猎鹰者；训练猎鹰者



★☆☆   falconry
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the sport of hunting small animals and birds using falcons    放鹰狩猎；猎鹰训练
a falconry display/course/centre   放鹰狩猎表演／驯鹰课程／驯鹰中心



★☆☆   fall
—————————————————
UK verb (fell, fallen)
HAVE AN ACCIDENT  发生意外  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive 
■to suddenly go down onto the ground or towards the ground without intending to or by accident 
  （突然）跌倒，摔倒
The path's very steep, so be careful you don't fall.   小路很陡，小心别摔倒。
He fell badly and broke his leg.   他重重跌倒，摔断了腿。
Athletes have to learn how to fall without hurting themselves.   运动员必须学会跌倒时怎么避免自己受伤。
She fell under a bus and was killed instantly.   她跌到公车下面，当场被轧死了。
The horse fell at the first fence.   那匹马在跳过第一道障碍物时就摔倒了。
I fell down the stairs and injured my back.   我跌下楼梯，背部受了伤。
She had fallen, it appeared, from a great height.   看来她是从很高的地方摔下来的。
The water's deep here, so don't fall in !   这里的水很深，千万别掉进去！
He fell into the river and drowned.   他跌进河里淹死了。
If you fell off the roof, you'd kill yourself.   要是从屋顶掉下来，你会没命的。
He was leaning out of the window and fell out.   他身子探出窗外时掉了出去。
She fell five metres to the bottom of the ravine.   她跌进了五米深的沟底。
He fell to his death climbing the Matterhorn.   他在攀登马特洪峰时摔死了。
fall flat on your face informal 
■to fall and land with your face down    脸朝下跌倒，趴倒在地
Poor Kathy fell flat on her face in the mud.   可怜的凯西脸朝下跌进了泥里。UK verb (fell, fallen)
BECOME LOWER  减少  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive 
■to become lower in size, amount or strength 
  （规模、数量或力量）减少，降低
Demand for new cars has fallen due to the recession.   由于经济衰退，人们对新车的需求减少了。
The standard of his work has fallen during the year.   这年内他的工作水准下降了。
Salaries in the public sector are expected to fall by 15% this year.   今年国有企业的工资预计下降15%。
The temperature could fall below zero overnight.   气温可能一夜间下跌到零度以下。
Average temperatures fell by ten degrees.   平均气温下降了十度。
The pound has fallen to its lowest-ever level against the dollar.   英镑对美元的汇率下跌到历史最低水准。
When the teacher walked in, the children's voices fell to a whisper (= they became very quiet).   老师一走进来，孩子便压低声音小声说话。
Share prices fell sharply this week.   本周股价骤跌。
  Common Learner Errors   fall down or fall?   To talk about something becoming lower in size, amount or strength, don't say 'fall down', say fall :
✗ Last year the company's profits fell down dramatically.   Last year the company's profits fell dramatically.UK verb (fell, fallen)
COME DOWN  降落  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive 
■to come down onto the ground or from a high position to a lower position    落下；降落
The snow had been falling steadily all day.   雪持续下了一整天。
You can tell it's autumn because the leaves have started to fall.   可以看出是秋天了，因为树叶已经开始凋落。
She fell into bed, completely exhausted.   她筋疲力尽，倒在床上。
A bomb fell on the church and destroyed it.   一枚炸弹落在教堂上，把教堂炸毁了。
A huge meteor fell to Earth in the middle of the desert.   一颗巨大的流星陨落在地球上，落在沙漠中央。
He begged for mercy as the blows fell on him (= as he was being hit).   他挨打时求饶了。
fall to your knees (also fall down on your knees) 
■to go down on your knees to show respect    下跪（表示尊敬）
The people all fell to their knees and began to pray.   人们都跪了下来，开始祈祷。
intransitive 
■When the curtain falls in the theatre, it comes down because the play or performance has ended    落幕；（戏剧或演出）结束
The audience was still laughing as the curtain fell.   演出结束时观众仍在大笑。UK verb (fell, fallen)
BELONG TO  属于  
 ADVANCED  intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to belong to a particular group, subject or area    属于（某一群体、学科或领域）
The material falls into three categories.   这种材料分为三类。
Matters of discipline fall outside my area of responsibility.   纪律方面的事不是我负责的。UK verb (fell, fallen)
BECOME  变成  
 ADVANCED  intransitive + adverb or preposition [L] 
■to change to a particular condition from a different one    变成（某状态）
He always falls asleep after drinking red wine.   他喝完红酒总是会睡着。
Your rent falls due (= must be paid) on the first of the month.   你的房租必须在每月一号缴付。
She suddenly fell ill.   她突然病倒了。
The book fell open (= opened by chance) at the page on Venice.   碰巧翻到书中关于威尼斯的那一页。
The government has fallen strangely silent on the subject of tax cuts after all its promises at the last election.   政府在上届大选中作出了种种承诺，但奇怪的是，之后却对减税问题避而不谈。
Silence fell on the group of men (= They became silent) as they received the news.   听到这个消息，他们沉默了。
She fell under the influence of (= began to be influenced by) an older student.   她开始受到一名高年级学生的影响。UK verb (fell, fallen)
BE DEFEATED  被击败  
intransitive 
■to be beaten or defeated    被打败；被击垮
The government finally fell after losing the support of the centre parties.   失去中间党派支持之后，本届政府最终垮台了。
The president fell from power during the military coup.   在军事政变中总统被推翻。
intransitive 
■If a place falls in a war or an election, an enemy army or a different political party gets control of it    沦陷，失守；落败
Rome fell to the Vandals in 455 AD.   罗马在西元455年被汪达尔人攻陷。
The constituency fell to Labour at the last election, after ten years of Conservative rule.   在保守党主导十年之后，这个选区在上届选举中落入了工党手中。
intransitive literary 
■If soldiers fall while fighting, they are killed    阵亡，战死
Many brave men fell in the fight to save the city.   为保卫这座城市，许多勇士战死了。
During the war, he saw many of his comrades fall in battle.   战争中他目睹许多战友阵亡。
intransitive 
■In cricket, when a wicket falls, the turn of the player who is hitting the ball ends 
  （板球）击球手被淘汰出局
Ten wickets fell in 22 overs.   在22次连续投球中，十名打击手被淘汰出局。UK verb (fell, fallen)
HAPPEN  发生  
intransitive 
■to come at a particular time or happen in a particular place    落，降临；发生
Easter falls late this year.   今年的复活节来得迟。
My birthday will fall on a Friday this year.   今年我的生日在星期五。
Night/Darkness had fallen by the time we got back to the camp.   我们返回营地时夜幕已经降临。
In the word 'table', the accent falls on the first syllable.   这个词的重音落在第一个音节上。
The Treasury has still not decided where the cuts will fall.   财政部尚未决定削减哪些开支。UK verb (fell, fallen)
HANG DOWN  垂下  
intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to hang down loosely    下垂，低垂
The boy's hair fell around his shoulders in golden curls.   男孩的金色鬈发垂在肩上。
The veil fell almost to her waist.   面纱几乎垂到她的腰际。UK verb (fell, fallen)
unhappy  不愉快  
 your face/spirits fall 
■If your face falls, you suddenly look unhappy or disappointed, and if your spirits fall, you suddenly feel unhappy or disappointed    脸色变阴沉／情绪变低落
His spirits fell when he saw the distance he still had to go.   一看到还要走的路程距离，他的情绪就低落下来。
As she read her exam results, her face fell.   看到考试成绩，她脸色一沉。UK verb (fell, fallen)
 fall between two stools 
■If something falls between two stools, it fails to achieve either of two aims    两头落空
The grammar guide falls between two stools - it's too difficult for a beginner but not detailed enough for an advanced student.   这本文法指南对初学者和水准高的学生都不适用——对初学者太难，对水准高的学生又不够详细。UK verb (fell, fallen)
fall by the wayside 
■If someone falls by the wayside, they fail to finish an activity, and if something falls by the wayside, people stop doing it, making it, or using it    中途退出；半途而废
So why does one company survive a recession while its competitors fall by the wayside?   那么为甚么一家公司熬过了经济衰退期，而其竞争对手都中途倒闭了呢？UK verb (fell, fallen)
fall flat 
■If a joke, idea or suggestion falls flat, it does not have the intended effect 
  （笑话、想法或建议）未达到预期效果
He made several jokes and each of them fell flat.   他讲了几个笑话，但全都不好笑。UK verb (fell, fallen)
fall foul of sth 
■to break a rule or law, especially without intending to 
  （尤指无意识地）违反（规则或法律）
Manufacturers may fall foul of the new government guidelines.   生产厂商可能会违反政府的新指导原则。UK verb (fell, fallen)
fall foul of sb 
■to have a disagreement with someone    与（某人）产生分歧
Things were going well for her till she fell foul of the director.   与主管产生分歧之前，她的工作进展得很顺利。UK verb (fell, fallen)
fall in love  ADVANCED  
■to be very attracted to someone and begin to love them    相爱，坠入情网
They met and fell madly in love.   他们邂逅，然后疯狂地坠入爱河。
He fell in love with a young German student.   他爱上了一个年轻的德国学生。
I thought I was falling in love.   我想我堕入情网了。§UK verb (fell, fallen)
fall short 
■to fail to reach an amount or standard that was expected or hoped for, causing disappointment    未达到数量（或要求）
August car sales fell short of the industry's expectations.   八月汽车销量未达到业界的期望。UK verb (fell, fallen)
nearly/almost fall off your chair informal 
■to be extremely surprised    极为惊讶
She nearly fell off her chair when she heard her exam result.   听到考试结果，她极其吃惊。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall about (fall about laughing) UK informal 
■to laugh uncontrollably    笑得前仰后合；捧腹大笑
We fell about when we heard her reply.   听到她的回答，我们笑得前仰后合。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall apart 
BREAK  
 ADVANCED  
■to break into pieces    破碎；散架
My poor old boots are falling apart.   我可怜的旧靴子快要散掉了。
STOP WORKING  
 ADVANCED  
■If an organization, system or agreement falls apart, it fails or stops working effectively    破裂；解体，瓦解
The deal fell apart because of a lack of financing.   由于缺乏资金，这笔交易告吹了。
Their marriage fell apart when she found out about her husband's affair.   她发现丈夫有婚外情后，他们的婚姻破裂了。
EMOTIONS     informal 
■to experience serious emotional problems that make you unable to think or act in the usual way 
  （感情）崩溃，垮掉
After his wife died, he began to fall apart.   妻子过世后，他精神开始崩溃。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall away 
BREAK  
■If parts of something fall away, they break off and drop to the ground    脱落；剥落
On the bathroom ceiling, some pieces of plaster had fallen away.   浴室顶上几块灰泥已经脱落了。
The rear sections of the rocket fell away.   火箭尾部已分离。
TIME     literary 
■If a period of time falls away, it seems as if it has not happened 
  （时间）倒流；不曾存在
As she looked at him, the years fell away, and she saw him again as a young boy.   她望着他，多年的时间仿佛不曾存在，她又看见了他小孩时的模样。
LAND  
■If land falls away, it slopes down suddenly 
  （突然）向下倾斜
On the other side of the hill, the land falls away sharply.   另一面山坡地势陡降。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall away/off 
■to become smaller or lower in amount or rate 
  （数量或比率）减少，降低
Membership of the club has fallen away in recent months.   最近几个月俱乐部的会员人数减少了。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall back    literary 
■to move back suddenly from someone or something, often because you are frightened 
  （常指因恐惧而）后退，撤退
She fell back in horror/disgust.   她惊恐地／厌恶地往后退。
■If an army falls back, it moves away from an enemy army in order to avoid fighting them 
  （军队）撤退
The infantry fell back in disarray.   步兵仓皇撤退。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall back on sth 
■to use something for help because no other choice is available    借助于；依赖，依靠
When the business failed, we had to fall back on our savings.   公司倒闭后，我们只得靠积蓄度日。
If I lose my job, I'll have nothing to fall back on.   我要是丢了工作，就甚么指望都没有了。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall behind 
■to fail to do something fast enough or on time    落在后面；落后
He was ill for six weeks and fell behind with his schoolwork.   他病了六个星期，学校的功课跟不上了。
I've fallen behind with the mortgage payments.   我拖欠了按揭贷款。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall down 
FALL  
 ADVANCED  
■to fall to the ground    倒下，倒地
Our apple tree fell down in the storm.   我们的苹果树在暴风雨中被刮倒了。
He stumbled and fell down.   他绊了一下，摔倒在地。
■If a building is falling down, it is in a very bad condition and there is a risk that it will break into pieces and drop to the ground 
  （建筑物）倒塌，垮掉
Many buildings in the old part of the city are falling down.   老城区的许多建筑都快要倒塌了。
FAIL  
■to fail    失败
Where do you think the plan falls down?   你认为这个计划的失败之处在哪里？UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall down on sth 
■to not be good at something in comparison with another thing    在…方面不够好
I'm quite good at speaking Chinese, but I fall down on the written work.   我的中文讲得很好，但是写作方面不行。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall for sb informal 
■to suddenly have strong romantic feelings about someone    对（某人）倾心，迷恋（某人）
She always falls for unsuitable men.   她总是爱上不适合她的男子。
He's fallen for her in a big way.   他完全被她迷住了。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall for sth informal 
■to be tricked into believing something that is not true    对…信以为真
He told me he owned a mansion in Spain and I fell for it.   他告诉我他在西班牙有一座庄园，我信以为真。
I'm not falling for that one! informal 
■said when you recognize a trick and refuse to be deceived by it    我才不会上当呢！
"Lend me a fiver and I'll buy you a drink." "Oh no, I'm not falling for that one."   “借我五英镑，我就请你喝一杯。”“噢，我才不会上当。”UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall from sth 
fall from sb's lips literary 
■When words or sounds fall from your lips, you speak or make them    说话；发声
Not a single sound fell from her lips.   她一个字也没有说。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall in 
ROOF  
■If a roof or ceiling falls in, it drops to the ground because it is damaged 
  （屋顶或天花板）坍塌，塌陷
Ten miners were trapped underground when the roof of the tunnel fell in.   坑道顶部坍塌，十名矿工被困地下。
SOLDIERS  
■If soldiers fall in, they move into a line, one at the side of the other    列队；集合
"Company, fall in!" shouted the sergeant-major.   “全连集合！”士官长喊道。
He started to march away, and the others fell in behind him.   他开始大步前进，其他人列队紧随其后。    Compare fall out 
fall in line (also fall into line) 
■If a person in an organization falls in/into line, they start to follow the rules and behave according to expected standards of behaviour    行为变规范；遵章守纪
Teachers who fail to fall in line with the new regulations may face dismissal.   不遵守新规章的老师可能会遭解雇。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall in with sb informal 
■to become friendly with someone    与（某人）交好
She fell in with a strange crowd of people at university.   她在大学里结交了一群奇怪的人。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall in with sth informal 
■to accept and support a plan or suggestion    同意，赞成（计划或建议）
It seemed like a good idea so we just fell in with it.   这似乎是个不错的主意，所以我们都同意了。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall into sth 
START  
■to start doing something, often without intending to    开始做
We've fallen into the habit of getting up late on Saturday mornings.   我们开始习惯周六早上睡懒觉。
I fell into my job quite by accident.   我从事这份工作很大程度上是出于偶然。
She fell into a conversation with a man at the bar.   她在酒吧和一个男人交谈起来。
CONDITION  
■to gradually get into a particular condition, especially to get into a bad condition as a result of not being taken care of 
  （尤指因疏于管理）陷入（某种状况）
Over the years the house had fallen into disrepair.   过了这么多年这幢房子已破旧不堪。
The old school fell into disuse (= people stopped using it).   老校舍废弃不用了。
fall into sb's arms literary 
■When people fall into each other's arms, they hold each other tightly with both arms, to show their love for each other. 
  （相爱的人）紧紧相拥
fall into place 
■When things fall into place, they happen in a satisfactory way, without problems    有条不紊地进行，按部就班
■1. If you plan the project well, then everything should fall into place.


fall 2	 如果你的专案计划得当，那么一切都应该有条不紊地进行。
■* When events or details that you did not understand before fall into place, they become easy to understand    变得清楚；明朗化
Once I discovered that the woman whom he had been dancing with was his daughter, everything fell into place.   当我发现和他跳舞的女子是他女儿时，一切都清楚了。
 fall into the wrong hands 
■If something falls into the wrong hands, a dangerous person or an enemy starts to own or control it    落入敌手；陷入敌人的控制中
There are fears that the weapons might fall into the wrong hands.   有人担心武器可能会落入危险人物手中。
fall into the/someone's trap 
■to make a mistake or get into a difficult situation by doing something or by trusting someone    落入陷阱
Don't fall into the trap of thinking you can learn a foreign language without doing any work.   不要以为甚么都不做就能学会一门外语。
We fell right into the enemy's trap.   我们正中敌人的圈套。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall off 
■If the amount, rate or quality of something falls off, it becomes smaller or lower 
  （数量）减少；（比率）下降；（品质）降低
Sales have been falling off recently.   销量最近一直下滑。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall on/upon sb literary 
■to attack someone suddenly and unexpectedly    袭击，突袭（某人）
The soldiers fell on the villagers and seized all their weapons.   士兵袭击村民，并缴获了所有武器。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall on/upon sth literary 
NOTICE  
■If your eyes fall on something, or your sight, eyes, etc. falls on something, you see and notice it 
  （目光）落在…上
Her gaze fell upon a small box at the back of the shop.   她的目光落在商店最里面的一个小盒子上。
EAT  
■to start to eat food eagerly    狼吞虎咽，大吃
They fell on the bread as if they hadn't eaten for days.   他们扑向面包大吃起来，就好像好多天没吃过东西似的。
 fall on deaf ears 
■If a suggestion or warning falls on deaf ears, no one listens to it 
  （建议或警告）未被理睬，被置若罔闻
Their appeals to release the hostages fell on deaf ears.   他们释放人质的要求未被理睬。
 fall on hard times 
■to lose your money and start to have a difficult life    经济困难，生活艰难
The scheme is designed to help children whose parents have fallen on hard times.   这个计划旨在帮助父母遭遇经济困难的孩子。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall on sb 
suspicion falls on sb 
■When suspicion falls on a particular person, people think that they may be guilty of doing something bad    怀疑到（某人）头上
He was the last person to see the woman alive, and suspicion immediately fell on him.   他是那个女子生前最后见到的人，所以一下就怀疑到他头上。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall out 
TOOTH/HAIR  
 IMPROVER  
■If a tooth or your hair falls out, it becomes loose and separates from your mouth or head 
  （牙齿或头发）脱落，掉落
Her baby teeth are starting to fall out.   她的乳牙开始掉了。
A side effect of the treatment is that your hair starts to fall out.   这种治疗的一个副作用是头发开始脱落。
ARGUE     informal 
■to argue with someone and stop being friendly with them    吵架；失和
He left home after falling out with his parents.   和父母吵了一架后，他离开了家。
She'd fallen out with her boyfriend over his ex-girlfriend.   她为了男友前女友的事和男友闹翻了。
SOLDIERS  
■If soldiers fall out, they move out of a line    原地解散；离开队列
"Fall out, men!" shouted the sergeant-major.   “原地解散！”士官长喊道。    Compare fall inUK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall over 
 ESSENTIAL  
■If someone falls over, they fall to the ground    跌倒，摔倒
She tripped and fell over.   她绊了一下，摔倒了。
 ESSENTIAL  
■If something falls over, it falls onto its side    倒塌
If you make the cake too high, it'll fall over.   如果蛋糕做得太高，会塌下来的。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall over sth/sb literary 
■to cover something or someone    遮住；覆盖
A shadow fell over her work and she looked up to see who was there.   一道影子落在她手头的工作上，她抬起头来看看是谁。
fall over your self UK (US fall all over your self) 
■to be very eager to do something    急欲做，渴望做
Publishers are falling over themselves to produce non-fiction for seven-year-olds.   出版商都在争相出版适合七八岁孩子看的非小说类作品。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall through 
■to fail to happen    未发生；失败；落空
We found a buyer for our house, but then the sale fell through.   我们给房子找了个买家，但结果买卖做不成。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall to sb 
■to be or become the duty or job of someone 
  （职责、任务）落在（某人）身上，由（某人）承担
The worst job fell to me.   最糟的工作落在了我头上。
it falls to you formal 
■it is your duty    应该由（某人）做…；…落在（某人）头上
It falls to me to thank you for all you have done for the association.   我应该感谢你为协会所做的一切。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Phrasal Verbs   fall to literary 
■to begin doing something energetically    积极做起来
There was a lot of work to do, so they fell to immediately.   有许多工作要做，因此他们立即动手去做。UK verb (fell, fallen)
  Common Learner Errors   fall   Warning: Check your verb endings!   Many learners make mistakes when using fall in the past tense.   The past simple and past participle of fall is fell.
✗ Paul felt off the roof and broke his leg.   Paul fell off the roof and broke his leg.   Felt is the past simple and past participle of feel.UK noun 
LOWER AMOUNT  下跌  
 IMPROVER  countable usually singular 
■when the size, amount or strength of something gets lower 
  （规模、数量或力量的）减少，降低
a fall in the price of petrol/the unemployment rate   汽油价格的下跌／失业率的降低
We could hear the rise and fall of voices in the other room.   我们听见从另一个房间传来忽高忽低的讲话声。
There was a fall in support for the Republican party at the last election.   上届选举时，共和党的支持率下跌了。UK noun 
SEASON  季节  
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable US (UK autumn) 
■the season after summer and before winter, when fruits and crops become ripe and the leaves fall off the trees    秋季，秋天
Next fall we'll be back in New York.   我们明年秋天回纽约。
They met in the fall of 1992.   他们相遇于1992年秋天。UK noun 
ACCIDENT  事故  
 ADVANCED  countable usually singular 
■when someone or something falls down to the ground, usually without intending to or by accident    跌倒；跌落；倒下
He had/took a nasty fall and hurt his back.   他重重跌了一跤，伤了脊背。
the fall of the Berlin Wall (= when the Berlin Wall was destroyed)   柏林围墙的倒塌UK noun 
MOVEMENT DOWNWARDS  下降  
countable usually singular 
■when something moves down onto the ground or from a higher position to a lower position    降落
a heavy fall of snow   一场大雪
⇨ See also rainfall
falls [plural] 
■often used in place names to mean a very wide waterfall, often made of many separate waterfalls    瀑布
Niagara Falls   尼加拉瓜大瀑布UK noun 
DEFEAT  击败  
countable usually singular 
■when someone is defeated or loses their power    沦陷；灭亡；垮台，失势
the fall of Rome   罗马的陷落
The army took control of the city after the president's fall from power.   总统垮台后，军队控制了这座城市。UK noun 
take a/the fall for sb US informal 
■to accept the blame for something another person did    替（某人）承担责任
I wasn't going to take the fall for him.   我不打算替他背黑锅。UK noun 
fall from grace 
■when you do something which makes people in authority stop liking you or admiring you    失宠；失去人心
The Finance Minister's fall from grace gave the tabloid press great satisfaction.   财政部长失势，小报记者幸灾乐祸。



★☆☆   fallacious
—————————————————
adjective formal 
■not correct    谬误的
His argument is based on fallacious reasoning.   他的论点是建立在谬误推理的基础上的。



★☆☆   fallacy
—————————————————
noun countable formal 
■an idea that a lot of people think is true but which is false    谬见，谬论，谬误
[+ that] It is a common fallacy that women are worse drivers than men.   女性开车不如男性开得好，这是人们常有的谬见。



★☆☆   fallback
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■describes a plan or position which can be used if other plans do not succeed or other things are not available 
  （计划等）应变的，退一步的
Do we have a fallback position for these negotiations?   这些谈判我们有应变方案吗？



★☆☆   fallen
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
LYING ON GROUND  倒地的  
■lying on the ground, after falling down    落在地上的；倒地的
A fallen tree was blocking the road.   一棵倒下的大树挡住了路。
■having dropped down    掉落的，落下的
fallen leaves   落叶UK adjective [before noun] 
DEFEATED  
■describes someone who has been defeated or has lost a position of power    被打败的；失去权力的
The Education Minister will now join the ranks of other fallen politicians.   现在教育部长将和其他政坛人物一样被罢免了。UK plural noun formal 
the fallen 
■soldiers who have died in a war    阵亡将士
a statue in memory of the fallen   纪念阵亡将士的雕像



★☆☆   fallen idol 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person who was admired in the past but is no longer admired because of something bad they have done 
  （因做了不好的事而沦为的）过气的明星；堕落的明星



★☆☆   fallen woman 
—————————————————
noun countable old-fashioned disapproving 
■a woman who has lost her good reputation by having sex with someone before she is married    失贞的女子，堕落的女子



★☆☆   fall guy
—————————————————
mainly US slang 
noun countable usually singular 
■a person who is falsely blamed for something that has gone wrong, or for a crime that they have not committed    代罪羔羊；替死鬼
The governor was looking for a fall guy to take the blame for the corruption scandal.   州长要找代罪羔羊为贪污丑闻承担责任。



★☆☆   fallible
—————————————————
adjective 
■able or likely to make mistakes    会犯错误的；容易出错的
We place our trust in doctors, but even they are fallible.   我们信任医生，但即使是他们也会犯错。
■A fallible object or system is likely not to work satisfactorily 
  （物品或系统）易出毛病的，不可靠的
This method is more fallible than most because it depends on careful and accurate timing.   这种方法比大多数方法更容易出错，因为它需要仔细精确的计时。    Opposite infallible



★☆☆   falling
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes something that is becoming lower in size, amount or strength 
  （规模、数量或力量）下降的，正在减少的
falling birth/interest rates   下降的出生率／利率
falling standards   下降的标准



★☆☆   falling-off
—————————————————
UK noun only singular 
■when a rate, amount or quantity becomes smaller or lower 
  （数量）减少；（比率）下降；（品质）降低
Travel agencies have recorded a falling-off in bookings this summer.   旅行社纪录显示今夏预订率下降了。



★☆☆   falling-out
—————————————————
UK noun only singular informal 
■an argument    争吵
Rachel and Fi have had a falling-out and they're not speaking to each other.   瑞吉儿和菲吵了一架，现在互不理睬了。



★☆☆   falling star 
—————————————————
noun countable    informal for 
■meteor 



★☆☆   fallopian tube
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually plural specialized 
■either of the two tubes in a woman's body along which eggs travel from the ovaries to the womb    输卵管



★☆☆   fallout
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
NUCLEAR  核武器的  
■the radioactive dust in the air after a nuclear explosion 
  （核爆炸后产生的）放射性落尘
Cancer deaths caused by fallout from weapons testing could rise to 2.4 million over the next few centuries.   武器试验产生的放射性落尘所引致的癌症死亡人数可能在随后几个世纪里增至240万。UK noun uncountable 
UNPLEASANT RESULT  不良影响  
■the unpleasant results or effects of an action or event    不良影响，恶果
The political fallout of the revelations has been immense.   这些被曝光事件产生的负面政治影响相当巨大。



★☆☆   fallout shelter 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a strong building, usually under the ground, intended to keep people safe from the dust in the air after a nuclear explosion    防放射性微粒掩体



★☆☆   fallow
—————————————————
UK adjective 
LAND  土地  
■describes land that is not planted with crops, in order to improve the quality of the soil    休耕的
Farmers are eligible for government support if they let a certain amount of land lie fallow.   如果农民休耕一定面积的土地，他们就能获得政府资助。UK adjective 
TIME  时间的  
■describes a period of time in which very little happens 
  （一段时间）休眠的，不活跃的
August is a fallow period in British politics.   八月是英国政坛的沉寂期。



★☆☆   fallow deer
—————————————————
(plural fallow deer)
noun countable 
■a small deer of Europe and Asia which is grey in winter and pale brown with white spots in summer    黇鹿（产于欧亚，身体冬季呈灰色，夏季呈淡褐色带白斑）



★☆☆   false
—————————————————
UK adjective 
NOT REAL  非真的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■not real, but made to look or seem real    假的；人工的
false eyelashes/teeth   假睫毛／假牙
Modern office buildings have false floors, under which computer and telephone wires can be laid.   现代办公楼都设有假地板，下面铺设电脑和电话线路。UK adjective 
NOT TRUE  不真实的  
 ESSENTIAL  disapproving 
■not true, but made to seem true in order to deceive people    虚假的；伪造的
She was charged with giving false evidence in court.   她被控在法庭上作伪证。
When she was stopped by the police for speeding, she gave them a false name and address.   因超速驾驶被员警截停时，她报上假的姓名和地址。
He assumed a false identity (= pretended he was someone else) in order to escape from the police.   为了逃避警方的追捕，他用了假身分。
under false pretences disapproving 
■If you do something under false pretences, you lie about who you are, what you are doing, or what you intend to do, in order to get something    靠欺诈手段；以虚假的借口
He was deported for entering the country under false pretences.   他因以虚假身分入境而被驱逐出境。
If you're not going to offer me a job, then you've brought me here under false pretences (= you have deceived me in order to make me come here).   如果你不打算给我一份工作，那么你就是把我骗到这里来的。UK adjective 
NOT CORRECT  不正确的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■not correct    错误的
"Three plus three is seven. True or false?" "False."   “三加三等于七。对还是错？”“错。”
The news report about the explosion turned out to be false.   有关爆炸的新闻报道后来发现有误。
You'll get a false impression/idea of the town if you only visit the university.   如果你只参观大学，就会对这个镇产生错误的印象。UK adjective 
NOT SINCERE  不真诚的     disapproving 
■not sincere or expressing real emotions    不真诚的；虚情假意的
a false smile/laugh   虚情假意的微笑／大笑
I didn't like her - she seemed a bit false.   我不喜欢她——她有点虚伪做作。UK adjective 
NOT LOYAL  不忠实的     literary disapproving 
■A false friend is not loyal or cannot be trusted.    不忠诚的；不可靠的



★☆☆   false accounting 
—————————————————
noun uncountable specialized 
■the crime of changing or destroying records to get money    做假帐，伪造账目
He faces 18 charges of fraud and false accounting.   他因为诈骗和做假帐而面临十八项指控。



★☆☆   false alarm 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an occasion when people wrongly believe that something dangerous or unpleasant is happening or will happen    假警报；虚惊
Three fire engines rushed to the school only to discover it was a false alarm.   三辆消防车疾驰到学校，结果却发现是虚报火警。
She thought she was pregnant, but it turned out to be a false alarm (= she discovered she was not).   她以为自己怀孕了，但后来发现是一场虚惊。



★☆☆   false dawn 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■something which seems to show that a successful period is beginning or that a situation is improving when it is not    虚幻的希望；假曙光
The increase in sales at the end of the year proved to be a false dawn.   年底的销售成长率结果证明只不过是空欢喜一场。



★☆☆   false economy 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■an action which saves money at the beginning but which, over a longer period of time, results in more money being wasted than being saved    假实惠
Buying cheap white goods is just a false economy - they're twice as likely to break down.   买廉价的大件家用电器只是表面实惠——它们发生故障的机率高一倍呢。



★☆☆   false friend 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a word which is often confused with a word in another language because the two words look or sound similar, but which has a different meaning 
  （另一语言中的某个词的）形近异义词，同形异义词，同音异义字
The French word 'actuellement' and the English word 'actually' are false friends.   法语单词 actuellement 和英语单词 actually 是一对形近异义词。



★☆☆   falsehood
—————————————————
UK noun formal 
uncountable 
■lying    说谎
She doesn't seem to understand the difference between truth and falsehood.   她似乎并不明白真实与虚假的区别。
countable 
■a lie or a statement which is not correct    谎言；谬误



★☆☆   false hopes 
—————————————————
plural noun 
■confident feelings about something that might not be true    奢望
I don't want to raise any false hopes, but I believe your son is still alive.   我并不是想让你心存奢望，但我相信你的儿子还活着。



★☆☆   false imprisonment 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular legal 
■the limiting of someone's freedom without the authority or right to do so    非法拘禁，非法拘留
He brought civil proceedings against the police for false imprisonment.   他向法庭提出民事诉讼，控告警方非法拘留。



★☆☆   falsely
—————————————————
UK adverb 
NOT TRUE  不真实地  
■in a way that is not true    不真实地；虚假地
He claimed, falsely, that he was married.   他谎称已经结婚。UK adverb 
NOT CORRECTLY  错误地  
■wrongly    错误地
She was falsely accused of shoplifting.   她被误控在商店行窃。UK adverb 
NOT SINCERELY  不真诚地     disapproving 
■in a way that is not sincere    不真诚地；虚情假意地
She tends to adopt a falsely cheerful tone when she's upset about something.   她对某事不快时，往往用一种假装愉快的语气说话。



★☆☆   false modesty 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■when a person pretends to have a low opinion of their own abilities or achievements    假谦虚
He shows great pride in his work and has no false modesty about his success.   他对自己的作品非常自豪，对自己的成就也不故作谦虚。



★☆☆   false move 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■an unwise action which is likely to have an unpleasant or dangerous effect    不明智的举动
We can't afford to make any false moves once we're in enemy territory.   一旦进入敌方区域，我们绝不能轻举妄动。
"One false move and you're dead! (= I will kill you) " shouted the gunman.   “敢乱动一下，就要你的命！”持枪歹徒吼道。



★☆☆   false start 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
RACE  赛跑  
■when one competitor in a race starts too early, before the official signal to begin    抢跑，起跑犯规
If an athlete makes a false start, the race must be restarted.   如果运动员抢跑，比赛就必须重新开始。noun countable usually singular 
PROBLEM  问题  
■an attempt to do something which fails because you are not ready or not able to do it    失败的开端
We had a couple of false starts because of computer problems, but now the project is really under way.   由于电脑方面的问题，我们的专案计划在初始阶段失败了几次，但是现在已经顺利展开。



★☆☆   falsetto
—————————————————
UK noun countable (plural falsettos)
■a form of singing or speaking by men using an extremely high voice 
  （男高音的）假声
For his role as a young boy, he had to speak in a high falsetto.   由于他的角色是个小男孩，他必须尖起嗓子说话。UK adjective adverb 
■describes an extremely high voice    假（高音）嗓子的（地）
The lead singer has a falsetto voice.   领唱用假声歌唱。
to sing falsetto   用假声唱



★☆☆   falsies
—————————————————
UK plural noun informal 
■thick soft pieces of material which can be worn inside a woman's clothing to make her breasts look bigger 
  （女子垫高胸部的）胸衬



★☆☆   falsify
—————————————————
UK verb transitive    disapproving 
■to change something, such as a document, in order to deceive people    篡改，伪造（文件）
The certificate had clearly been falsified.   这张证书很明显是伪造的。



★☆☆   falsity
—————————————————
UK US  (also falseness) 
noun uncountable 
NOT CORRECT  不正确  
■when something is not correct    不正确UK US  (also falseness) 
noun uncountable 
NOT SINCERE  不真诚     disapproving 
■when something or someone is not sincere or does not express real emotions    虚伪；不真诚
She left her career in television, saying she hated the falsity of it all.   她辞了在电视行业的工作，说她憎恨该行业的虚伪做作。



★☆☆   falter
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive 
■to lose strength or purpose and stop, or almost stop    衰弱；动摇；犹豫；畏缩
The dinner party conversation faltered for a moment.   晚宴上的谈话出现了一刻冷场。
Her friends never faltered in their belief in her.   她的朋友从未动摇过对她的信心。
Nigel's voice faltered and he stopped speaking.   奈杰尔的声音颤抖了，他没再继续说下去。
■to move awkwardly as if you might fall    蹒跚；摇晃
The nurse saw him falter and made him lean on her.   护士见他站不稳，就让他靠着自己。



★☆☆   fame
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 IMPROVER  
■when you are known or recognized by many people because of your achievements, skills, etc    名声，名气；声誉；名望
She first rose to fame as a singer at the age of 16.   她16岁时便作为歌手一举成名。
She moved to London in search of fame and fortune.   她为了追逐名利移居伦敦。
The town's fame rests on its beautiful 14th-century abbey.   这个镇因其建于14世纪的美丽修道院而闻名。



★☆☆   famed
—————————————————
adjective 
■known or familiar to many people    著名的；闻名的
It's a city famed for its ski slopes and casinos.   这座城市以其滑雪场和赌场闻名。
His famed calmness temporarily deserted him.   他一时失去了惯常的镇定。



★☆☆   familiar
—————————————————
UK adjective 
EASY TO RECOGNIZE  易认出  
 ESSENTIAL  
■easy to recognize because of being seen, met, heard, etc. before    熟悉的；常见的；常听说
There were one or two familiar faces (= people I knew).   那里有一两张熟悉的面孔。
The house looked strangely familiar, though she knew she'd never been there before.   尽管她知道自己以前从未到过那里，那座房子看上去却有一种奇怪的熟悉感。
The street was familiar to me.   这条街我很熟悉。
be familiar with sth/sb 
 ADVANCED  
■to know something or someone well    对…熟悉
I'm sorry, I'm not familiar with your poetry.   对不起，我对您的诗歌不甚了解。UK adjective 
FRIENDLY  友好的  
■informal and friendly, sometimes in a way that is not respectful to someone who is not a relation or close friend    随便的；亲近的
"That'll be five pounds, dear", he said in an irritatingly familiar way.   “要付五英镑，亲爱的。”，他用令人不快的放肆口吻说道。
He doesn't like to be too familiar with his staff.   他不愿意跟员工过分亲近。UK adjective 
be on familiar terms 
■to have a close and informal relationship    关系亲密
We had met before, but we were hardly (= not) on familiar terms.   我们以前见过面，但并不是很熟。UK noun countable old use 
■a close friend, or a spirit in the shape of a cat, bird or other animal that is the close companion of a witch    知交；（以猫、鸟等形象出现，与女巫为伴的）妖精



★☆☆   familiarity
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
KNOWLEDGE  知识  
■a good knowledge of something, or the fact that you know it so well    通晓；熟知，熟悉
Ellen's familiarity with pop music is astonishing.   埃伦对流行音乐之精通令人吃惊。
I love the familiarity of my old chair.   我喜欢我的旧椅子给我的那种亲切感。UK noun uncountable 
FRIENDLINESS  友好  
■friendly and informal behaviour    友好随便；亲近
His excessive familiarity offended her.   他过分亲昵的举动冒犯了她。UK noun uncountable 
 Familiarity breeds contempt. saying 
■said about someone you know very well and have stopped respecting because you have seen all their bad qualities    亲不敬，熟生蔑。



★☆☆   familiarize
—————————————————
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [R] familiarize yourself with sth (ALSO UK usually familiarise yourself with sth) 
■to learn about something    了解，熟悉
We spent a few minutes familiarizing ourselves with the day's schedule.   我们花了几分钟时间熟悉当天的日程表。




★☆☆   family
—————————————————
noun 
SOCIAL GROUP  社会群体  
 ESSENTIAL  [+ sing/pl verb] countable or uncountable 
■a group of people who are related to each other, such as a mother, a father, and their children    家，家庭
A new family has/have moved in next door.   隔壁新搬来一户人家。
I come from a large family - I have three brothers and two sisters.   我来自一个大家庭，有三个兄弟，两个姐妹。
He hasn't any family.   他无亲无故。
He's American but his family (= relatives in the past) come/comes from Ireland.   他是美国人，但他的祖籍是爱尔兰。
This film is good family entertainment (= something that can be enjoyed by parents and children together).   这部电影是很棒的家庭娱乐片。
How does family life (= being married, having children, etc.) suit you?   你对家庭生活还满意吗？
 IMPROVER  [+ sing/pl verb] countable usually singular uncountable 
■the children of a family    子女
Women shouldn't have to choose between career and family (= having children).   在事业与家庭之间，女人不应该只能选择其一。
Paul and Alison are hoping to start a family (= have children) soon.   保罗和爱丽森期待着不久能生个小孩。
My dad died when we were small so my mum raised the family on her own.   我们很小的时候爸爸就去世了，因此是妈妈一个人把孩子养大的。
[+ sing/pl verb] countable 
■a pair of adult animals and their babies    一窝（动物）
We've got a family of squirrels living in our garden.   我们的花园里住着一窝松鼠。noun 
BIOLOGICAL GROUP  生物群  
countable specialized 
■a large group of related types of animal or plant 
  （动植物的）科
The lion is a member of the cat family.   狮子属猫科。noun 
be in the family way old-fashioned informal 
■to be pregnant    怀孕



★☆☆   family allowance 
—————————————————
noun uncountable    UK old-fashioned for 
■child benefit    家庭补助；子女补助



★☆☆   family circle 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■Your family circle are your close relations.    家庭圈（关系密切的亲戚）



★☆☆   family credit 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a payment made by the government in Britain to families with a low income 
  （英国政府发给低收入家庭的）家庭补贴



★☆☆   family doctor 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a GP 



★☆☆   family-friendly
—————————————————
adjective 
■child-friendly    关爱家庭（孩子）的，和孩子相处融洽的



★☆☆   family man 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a man who has a wife and children, or who enjoys spending a lot of time with them    有妻室儿女的人；恋家的男人



★☆☆   family name 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a surname    姓



★☆☆   family planning 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the use of contraception (= method of preventing a woman becoming pregnant) to control how many children you have and when you have them    计划生育；节育；家庭计划
a family-planning clinic   家庭计划诊所



★☆☆   family tree 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a drawing that shows the relationships between the different members of a family, especially over a long period of time 
  （尤指年代久远的）家谱，家系图



★☆☆   famine
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■when there is not enough food for a great number of people, causing illness and death, or a particular period when this happens    饥荒；饥荒时期
Another crop failure could result in widespread famine.   庄稼再歉收就可能导致大规模饥荒。
There were reports of refugees dying of famine.   有关于难民饿死的报告。
Thousands of people emigrated during the Irish potato famine of 1845-46.   在1845年到1846年间的爱尔兰马铃薯饥荒时期，成千上万的人移居国外。



★☆☆   famished
—————————————————
adjective informal 
■extremely hungry    非常饥饿的
Have some dinner with us - you must be famished!   和我们一起吃点饭吧——你一定饿坏了！



★☆☆   famous
—————————————————
adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  
■known and recognized by many people    著名的；出名的；有名的
a famous actress/building   著名的女演员／建筑
Marie Curie is famous for her contribution to science.   玛丽‧居里以其对科学的贡献而享有盛名。
a city famous for its nightlife   以夜生活闻名的城市adjective 
 famous last words informal 
■said when someone makes a definite statement which is shown very soon, and in an embarrassing way, to be wrong    说得煞有介事
I told him categorically that we could never be anything more than friends. Famous last words! Within a few months we were engaged.   我明确告诉他我们只可能做朋友。说得跟真的似的，可才过了几个月我们就订婚了！



★☆☆   famously
—————————————————
adverb    old-fashioned 
■extremely well    好极了
We got along famously.   我们相处得好极了。adverb 
■in a famous way    著名地
He's designed dresses for many celebrities, most famously the Queen.   他为许多名人设计过服装，其中最著名的是女王。



★☆☆   fan
—————————————————
noun countable 
PERSON  人  
 ESSENTIAL  
■someone who admires and supports a person, sport, sports team, etc    迷；狂热爱好者；热烈崇拜者
More than 15, 000 Liverpool fans attended Saturday's game.   超过15 000名利物浦队球迷周六到现场观看了比赛。
He's a big fan of country music.   他是个超级乡村音乐迷。
I'm pleased to meet you - I'm a great fan of your work.   很高兴见到您——我非常喜欢您的作品。noun countable 
OBJECT/PIECE OF EQUIPMENT  物品／器材  
■a device that is used to move the air around, either an object made of folded paper or other material that you wave with your hand, or an electric device with wide blades that spin round    扇子；电风扇
There was no air conditioning, just a ceiling fan turning slowly.   没有空调，只有一个屋顶吊扇在缓慢转动。verb transitive (-nn-)
AIR  空气  
■to wave a fan, or something that acts as a fan, in front of your face    扇（风）
[R] It was so hot in the car that I tried to fan myself with the road map.   车里太热，我试着用地图给自己扇凉。
She sat down and began fanning her face.   她坐下来，开始向着脸部扇凉。
■to blow air at a fire to make it burn more strongly    扇，吹（使火更旺）verb transitive (-nn-)
MAKE WORSE  使恶化     literary 
■to encourage bad emotions or behaviour to get worse    煽动；激起
to fan the violence/hatred   煽动暴力／激起仇恨
The newspapers deliberately fanned the public's fears of losing their jobs.   报纸故意煽动公众对失业的恐惧心理。verb transitive (-nn-)
fan the flames 
■to make a dangerous or unpleasant mood or situation worse    煽风点火，蛊惑人心
His speeches fanned the flames of racial tension.   他的演说激化了种族间的紧张关系。verb transitive (-nn-)
  Phrasal Verbs   fan out 
■If a group of people fan out, they move in different directions from a single point.    成扇形散开




★☆☆   fanatic
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person whose strong admiration for something is considered to be extreme or unreasonable    狂热者；入迷者
a fitness/film fanatic   健身狂／对电影着迷的人



★☆☆   fanatical
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes someone whose admiration for something is considered to be extreme or unreasonable    狂热的；着迷的
His enthusiasm for aerobics was almost fanatical.   他对有氧健身的热情几乎到了狂热的程度。
Gary's fanatical about football.   加里对足球很痴迷。



★☆☆   fan belt 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a strip of material that moves round continuously to make a fan turn and keep an engine cool 
  （带动冷却汽车引擎散热器的）风扇皮带



★☆☆   fanciable
—————————————————
adjective UK informal 
■sexually attractive    性感的；撩人的
This Ben bloke - is he fanciable?   这个叫本的家伙——他性感吗？



★☆☆   fancied
—————————————————
adjective mainly UK 
■expected or thought likely to succeed    孚众望的；普遍看好的
She is the most fancied candidate for the next election.   她是下届选举中最被看好的候选人。



★☆☆   fancier
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who has an interest in and breeds a particular animal or plant    饲养迷；园艺迷
a pigeon fancier   喜欢养鸽子的人



★☆☆   fanciful
—————————————————
adjective 
■not realistic    空想的；想像的
He has some fanciful notion about converting one room of his apartment into a gallery.   他幻想把他公寓的一个房间改成画廊。



★☆☆   fan club 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an organization for people who admire the same music star, football team, etc.    迷俱乐部；歌迷（或球迷等）会



★☆☆   fancy
—————————————————
verb 
LIKE  喜欢  
 IMPROVER  transitive mainly UK 
■to want to have or do something    想要；想做
Do you fancy a drink this evening?   你今晚想喝一杯吗？
[+ -ing verb] I didn't fancy swimming in that water.   我不想在那水里游泳。
transitive mainly UK informal 
■to be sexually attracted to someone    爱慕，喜欢
He could tell she fancied him.   他看得出她喜欢他。
fancy yourself    mainly UK disapproving 
■to think you are very attractive or important    自以为是；自命不凡
That Dave really fancies himself, doesn't he?   那个戴夫挺自命不凡的，是吧？verb 
IMAGINE  想像  
intransitive or transitive 
■to imagine or think that something is so    想像；认为
[+ (that)] UK I fancied (that) I saw something moving in the corner.   我想我看见角落里有东西在动。
[R] He fancies himself as a bit of a singer.   他认为自己多少是个歌手。
[+ to infinitive] Who do you fancy to win the Cup this year?   你认为今年谁会赢得杯赛？
UK old-fashioned This isn't the first time this has happened, I fancy.   我想，这不是第一次发生这种事了。
fancy! (also fancy that!) UK old-fashioned 
■an expression of surprise 
  （表示惊讶）真想不到！
"They have eight children." "Fancy that!   “他们有八个孩子。”“真想不到啊！”verb 
fancy sb's chances mainly UK 
■to think that someone is likely to succeed    认为（某人）会成功
I don't fancy his chances of getting his novel published.   我认为他的小说能够出版的希望不大。adjective 
DECORATIVE  装饰的  
■decorative or complicated    装饰的；花哨的；复杂的
I wanted a simple black dress, nothing fancy.   我想要一件简洁的黑色礼服，不要花哨的东西。
The decor was rather fancy for my tastes.   这种装饰风格过于繁复，不合我的喜好。
fancy cakes   花式蛋糕adjective 
EXPENSIVE  昂贵的     informal 
■expensive    昂贵的；豪华的
We stayed in a fancy hotel near the Champs-Élysées.   我们住在香榭丽舍大道附近一家豪华的饭店里。
a fancy restaurant   豪华餐厅noun 
STH/SB YOU LIKE  你喜欢的事物／人  
passing fancy 
■something that you like very much for a short period    一时的兴趣（或爱好）
But for me, parachuting was no passing fancy.   但是对我来说，跳伞可不是一时的兴趣。
take a fancy to sth/sb 
■to start liking something or someone very much    喜欢上，爱上
Laura's taken a fancy to Japanese food.   萝拉喜欢上日本料理。
take/tickle your fancy informal 
■If something takes/tickles your fancy, you like it and want to have or do it    吸引（某人），中（某人的）意
I looked in a lot of clothes shops but nothing really tickled my fancy.   我逛了很多服装店，但没甚么衣服让我中意。noun 
IMAGINATION  想像力  
uncountable literary 
■the imagination    想像（力）    See flight of fancy



★☆☆   fancy dress
—————————————————
 UK 
noun uncountable 
■the special clothes that you wear for a party where everyone dresses as a particular type of character or thing    化装舞会服
a fancy-dress party   化装舞会
I thought he was in fancy dress.   我以为他穿着化装服。



★☆☆   fancy-free
—————————————————
 (also footloose and fancy-free) 
adjective [after verb] 
■free to do what you like and go where you like because you have no responsibilities such as a family or a relationship    无拘无束的；逍遥自在的



★☆☆   fancy man/woman
—————————————————
 old-fashioned 
noun countable 
■a lover    情人



★☆☆   fandango
—————————————————
UK  US (plural fandangos)
noun countable 
■a fast Spanish dance performed by a man and a woman dancing close together    凡丹戈舞（一种男女共舞的西班牙快节奏舞蹈）



★☆☆   fanfare
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a loud short piece of music played usually on a trumpet and to introduce the arrival of someone important 
  （通常指宣布重要人物到场的）号角齐鸣



★☆☆   fang
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a long sharp tooth    尖牙，利齿
The dog growled and bared its fangs.   那只狗露出犬齿低声吠叫。



★☆☆   fan heater 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a machine that runs on electricity which blows heated air into a room 
  （吹送热空气的）风扇加热器；暖风机



★☆☆   fanlight
—————————————————
noun countable (US usually transom (window)) 
■a small window over the top of a door    气窗（门上方的小窗）



★☆☆   fan mail 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■letters that are sent to a famous person by people who admire that person    仰慕者来信



★☆☆   fanny
—————————————————
noun countable    UK offensive 
■a woman's sexual organs    女性生殖器；阴部
US old-fashioned informal 
■a person's bottom    屁股



★☆☆   fanny pack 
—————————————————
noun countable US (UK bumbag) 
■a small bag fixed to a long strap which you fasten around your waist, and which is used for carrying money, keys, etc.    腰包



★☆☆   fansite
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a website for people who like a particular actor, television programme, etc.    …影迷网；…爱好者网（比如某一演员或电视节目的爱好者网站）



★☆☆   fantasia
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a piece of music with no fixed form, or one consisting of tunes that many people know or recognize    幻想曲；（多首熟悉曲调串联起来的）集成曲



★☆☆   fantasist
—————————————————
noun countable 
■someone who often has fantasies, or someone who confuses fantasy and reality    幻想家；空想家；不切实际者



★☆☆   fantasize
—————————————————
(UK usually fantasise) ['f&#xE6;n.t&#x259;.sa&#x26A;z]
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to think about something very pleasant that is unlikely to happen    空想；幻想
He fantasized about winning the Nobel Prize.   他幻想过获得诺贝尔奖。
[+ that] As a child Emma fantasized that she would do something heroic.   艾玛小时候幻想过将来要做些英雄事迹。



★☆☆   fantastic
—————————————————
adjective 
GOOD  好的  
 IMPROVER  informal 
■extremely good    极好的
You look fantastic in that dress.   你穿着那条连身裙看起来棒极了。
We had a fantastic time.   我们玩得很痛快。
They've won a holiday? How fantastic!   他们赢得了一个假期？太棒了！adjective 
NOT REAL  不真实的     (also fantastical) 
■strange and imaginary, or not reasonable    怪诞的；幻想的；荒诞不经的
He drew fantastic animals with two heads and large wings.   他画了一些长着两个头和巨大翅膀的怪兽。
fantastical tales (= about imaginary things)   幻想故事
■very unusual, strange or unexpected    非同寻常的；奇怪的；难以置信的
It seemed fantastic that they still remembered her 50 years later.   50年过去了，他们依然记得她，这似乎令人难以置信。adjective 
LARGE  大的  
■A fantastic amount is very large 
  （数量）极大的
She must be earning a fantastic amount of money.   她一定是在赚大钱。



★☆☆   fantasy
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■a pleasant situation that you enjoy thinking about, but which is unlikely to happen, or the activity of thinking itself    幻想；想像
Steve's favourite fantasy was to own a big house and a flashy car.   史蒂夫最爱幻想拥有一座大房子和一辆豪华轿车。
sexual fantasies   性幻想
She retreated into a fantasy world , where she could be anything she wanted.   她遁入了幻想世界，在那里她想要成为甚么都可以。



★☆☆   fantasy football 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a game in which you choose a team of real football players from different teams and win points according to how well the players play each week    梦幻足球（一种游戏，玩家从不同球队中选择球员组成一支新的球队，每周比赛中球员表现的优劣将决定可取得的分数）



★☆☆   fanzine
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a magazine written by people who admire a sports team, musicians, etc., for other people with the same special interest 
  （体育、音乐等方面的）爱好者杂志
⇨ See also fan



★☆☆   FAQ
—————————————————
noun countable    abbreviation for 
■frequently asked question: a question in a list of questions and answers intended to help people understand a particular subject    常见问题
If you have any problems, consult the FAQs on our website.   如有任何问题，请参阅本网站的常见问题说明。



★☆☆   far
—————————————————
UK adverb (farther, farthest or further, furthest)
DISTANCE  距离  
 ESSENTIAL  
■at, to or from a great distance in space or time    远；遥远地；久远地
How far is it from Australia to New Zealand?   从澳大利亚到纽西兰有多远？
Is the station far away ?   火车站远吗？
She doesn't live far from here.   她住处离这里不远。
He felt lonely and far from home.   他觉得孤单寂寞，远离家乡。
One day, perhaps far in/into the future, you'll regret what you've done.   有朝一日，也许是遥远的将来的某一天，你会为你的所作所为后悔的。
as/so far as I know  IMPROVER  
■used to say what you think is true, although you do not know all the facts    据我所知
He isn't coming today, as far as I know.   据我所知，他今天不来。
as/so far as I'm concerned 
■used to say what your personal opinion is about something    就我而言
She can come whenever she likes, as far as I'm concerned.   就我而言，她甚么时候想来都可以。
as/so far as I can tell 
■used to say what you have noticed or understood    依我看，就我理解
There's been no change, as far as I can tell.   依我看，一直都没有变化。
far be it from me to 
■I certainly would not    我绝不想；我当然不会
Far be it from me to tell you how to run your life.   我决不会告诉你该如何生活。
far from sth 
■certainly not something    远未…；完全不…
The situation is far from clear.   形势尚不明朗。
far from it 
■certainly not    远非…；完全不…
He's not handsome - far from it.   他并不英俊——根本算不上。
from far and wide 
■from a large number of places    从四处；从各处
People came from far and wide to see the house.   人们从各地前来参观这所房子。
so far  ADVANCED  
■until now    迄今为止；到目前为止
So far we've made thirty-two thousand pounds.   到目前为止，我们已经赚了32 000英镑。
so far so good 
■used to say that an activity has gone well until now    到目前为止，一切还算顺利
I've found a tin of beans. So far so good, but where is the opener?   我找到了一罐豆子。到现在为止一切还不错。但开罐器在哪里呢？
  Common Learner Errors   far or away?   Warning: choose the correct adverb!   Far is mainly used in questions and negative sentences to talk in general about distance in space or time.   How far is Cambridge from London?   Cambridge isn't far from London.   To talk about a specific distance, don't say 'far', say away :
✗ My host family lived four miles far from the school.   My host family lived four miles away from the school.UK adverb (farther, farthest or further, furthest)
AMOUNT  数量  
 ESSENTIAL  
■very much    非常；远远；大大
This car is far better than our old one.   这辆车比我们那辆旧的好多了。
It cost far more (money) than I could afford.   这花费远远超出了我的承受能力。
He loses his temper far too often.   他太爱发脾气了。
I'd far rather/sooner go to the theatre than watch a video.   我宁可去剧院看戏也不看录影。
by far  ADVANCED  
■by a great amount    大大地
They are by far the best students in the class.   他们是班里最最优秀的学生。UK adverb (farther, farthest or further, furthest)
as far as it goes 
■used to say that something has good qualities but could be better    在一定程度上
It's a good essay as far as it goes.   这篇短文还算不错。UK adverb (farther, farthest or further, furthest)
be a far cry from sth 
■to be completely different from something    和…相去甚远；与…大相迳庭
This flat is a far cry from the house they had before.   这间公寓和他们以前住的房子相去甚远。UK adverb (farther, farthest or further, furthest)
by far and away UK 
■by a very great amount    大量的UK adverb (farther, farthest or further, furthest)
go far informal (also go a long way) 
■to be very successful in the future    有远大的前程
She's a very talented writer - I'm sure she'll go far.   她是一位很有天赋的作家——我肯定她将来会大有成就。UK adverb (farther, farthest or further, furthest)
go too far informal 
■to behave in a way that upsets or annoys people    做得过分
It's all very well having a joke but sometimes you go too far.   开玩笑没甚么不好，但有时候你的玩笑太过火了。UK adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  
■describes something that is not near, or the part of something that is most distant from the centre or from you    远的；遥远的；远端的
The station isn't far - we could easily walk it.   车站不远——我们可以很轻松地走过去。
[before noun] The children ran to the far side/corner of the room.   孩子跑向房间的另一头／尽头的角落。
far left/right 
■refers to political groups whose opinions are very extreme 
  （政治团体）极左／右的
supporters of the far left   极左派的支持者



★☆☆   faraway
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun]    literary 
■a long way away    遥远的；远方的
They travelled to faraway lands/places.   他们游历到遥远的国度／地方。
■describes a person's expression which shows that they are not thinking about what is happening around them    出神的；恍惚的；心不在焉的
There was a faraway look in his eyes.   他眼中流露出心不在焉的神情。



★☆☆   farce
—————————————————
UK noun 
PLAY  戏剧  
countable 
■a humorous play or film where the characters become involved in unlikely situations    滑稽戏；闹剧；笑剧
uncountable 
■the style of writing or acting in this type of play    闹剧风格，滑稽戏风格
The play suddenly changes from farce to tragedy.   这出戏突然从闹剧转变成悲剧。UK noun 
SITUATION  情况  
countable disapproving 
■a silly or meaningless situation or action    滑稽的情景；荒唐的举动；闹剧
No one had prepared anything so the meeting was a bit of a farce.   谁也没有作任何准备，因此会议有点像一出闹剧。



★☆☆   fare
—————————————————
UK noun 
PAYMENT  付款  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■the money that you pay for a journey on a vehicle such as a bus or train    车费；车票价
Train fares are going up again.   火车票又涨价了。
 IMPROVER  countable 
■someone who pays to be driven somewhere in a taxi    计程车乘客UK noun 
FOOD  食物  
uncountable slightly old-fashioned 
■the type of food that is served in a restaurant 
  （餐馆的）饭菜
a pub serving traditional British fare   供应传统英国菜肴的酒馆UK verb intransitive usually + adverb or preposition slightly old-fashioned 
■to succeed or be treated in the stated way    成功；遭遇
How did you fare in your exams?   你考得怎么样？
Low-paid workers will fare badly/well under this government.   在这届政府执政期间，低收入工人的境况会很糟／很好。



★☆☆   farewell
—————————————————
UK exclamation old-fashioned or formal 
■goodbye    再见，再会UK noun countable formal 
■when someone says goodbye    告别；辞行
We said our sad farewells and got on the bus.   我们悲伤地道别后，上了公车。
He bid us both a fond (= affectionate) farewell.   他向我们两人深情道别。
a farewell party   告别会



★☆☆   far-fetched
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■very unlikely to be true, and difficult to believe    牵强的；难以置信的
a far-fetched idea/story   牵强的意见／难以置信的故事



★☆☆   far-flung
—————————————————
UK  US  literary 
adjective 
■describes places that are a great distance away, or something that is spread over a very large area    遥远的；分布广的；广泛的
The news spread to all corners of our far-flung empire.   消息传到我们幅员辽阔的帝国的每个角落。



★☆☆   far-gone
—————————————————
UK US  informal 
adjective 
■very drunk, ill, or in some other advanced and bad state    烂醉的；病重的；晚期的
He was so far-gone that he could hardly walk.   他醉得太厉害，都几乎不会走路了。



★☆☆   farm
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■an area of land, together with a house and buildings, used for growing crops and/or keeping animals as a business    农场
a dairy/arable farm   乳牛场／耕作农场
farm animals   农场的牲畜
fresh farm produce   新鲜农产品
farm workers   农场工人
■a place where a particular type of animal is raised in large numbers to be sold    饲养场，养殖场
a sheep/fish farm   牧羊场／养鱼场UK verb transitive 
■to use land for growing crops and/or raising animals as a business    种植；养殖
The Stamfords have farmed this land for over a hundred years.   斯坦福德家族已在这片土地上耕作逾100年了。UK verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] farm sth out 
■to give work to other people to do    把（工作）包给
Magazines often farm out articles to freelance journalists.   杂志社常把文章外包给自由撰稿人。UK verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] farm sb out disapproving 
■to arrange for another person to look after someone, especially your child    托人照顾（尤指自己的孩子）
Almost since birth, their baby has been farmed out to nannies and nurseries.   他们的孩子几乎是一出生就交托给保姆和托儿所照顾。




★☆☆   farmer
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■someone who owns or takes care of a farm    农场主；养殖场主；农人
a dairy/sheep farmer   乳牛场／牧羊场场主



★☆☆   farmers' market
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a regular event in a town or city when farmers come to sell their fruit, vegetables, eggs, meat, etc. directly to customers    农贸市场；农民市集



★☆☆   farmhand
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who is paid to work on a farm    农场工人



★☆☆   farmhouse
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the main house on a farm where the farmer lives    农场住宅，农舍UK adjective [before noun] 
■describes food that is made using traditional methods 
  （食物）传统方法制作的
farmhouse cheddar   以传统方法制作的切达起司



★☆☆   farming
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■the activity of working on a farm or organizing the work there    务农；畜牧；养殖；农场经营



★☆☆   farmland
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■land that is used for or is suitable for farming    农田；耕地



★☆☆   farmstead
—————————————————
UK US  US 
noun countable 
■the house belonging to a farm and the buildings around it    农舍及附近建筑物



★☆☆   farmyard
—————————————————
UK noun countable (US usually barnyard) 
■an area surrounded by or near farm buildings    农家庭院
farmyard animals/smells   家畜／农家庭院的气味



★☆☆   far-off
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes a time that is a long way from the present, or in the distant past or future 
  （时间）遥远的，久远的
some point in the far-off future   遥远未来的某个时刻
■describes a place that is a great distance away 
  （地方）远的，遥远的



★☆☆   far-out
—————————————————
adjective slang 
■strange and unusual    异乎寻常的，奇特的
I've seen the video - it's pretty far-out.   我已经看过录影了——相当与众不同。exclamation old-fashioned slang 
■excellent    极好的；绝佳的
You got the job? Far-out!   你得到那份工作了？太棒了！



★☆☆   farrago
—————————————————
UK  US (plural farragos or US farragoes)    US 
noun countable formal disapproving 
■a confused mixture    大杂烩；混杂物
He told us a farrago of lies.   他向我们讲了一大堆谎话。



★☆☆   far-reaching
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■Something far-reaching has a great influence on many people or things    影响深远的；波及广泛的
These new laws will have far-reaching benefits for all working mothers.   这些新法律影响深远，将惠及所有在职母亲。



★☆☆   farrier
—————————————————
UK US specialized 
noun countable 
■a person who makes and fits metal plates for horses' feet    蹄铁工



★☆☆   far-sighted
—————————————————
UK adjective 
WISE  英明的     UK 
■having good judgment about what will be needed in the future and making wise decisions based on this    有远见的；深谋远虑的
Buying those shares was a very far-sighted move - they must be worth ten times their original value now.   买那些股票真是有先见之明——现在其价值肯定是原来的十倍。UK adjective 
SEEING  看     US (UK long-sighted) 
■describes someone who has difficulty seeing things that are close    远视的
I'm so far-sighted, I can't read the newspaper without my glasses.   我远视得很厉害，不戴眼镜就不能看报纸。



★☆☆   fart
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive very informal 
■to release gas from the bowels through the bottom    放屁UK verb intransitive very informal 
  Phrasal Verbs   fart about/around UK offensive 
■to waste time doing silly or unnecessary things    闲荡；浪荡；无所事事
Stop farting about and help me tidy up.   别闲荡了，来帮我收拾吧。UK noun countable 
PERSON  人     offensive 
■a boring, annoying or unpleasant person    令人厌烦的人；讨厌的人
He's a pompous old fart.   他是个自负又烦人的老东西。UK noun countable 
GAS  气体     very informal 
■an escape of gas from the bowels    放屁
to do a fart   放屁



★☆☆   farther
—————————————————
UK adverb    comparative of 
■far (DISTANCE) ; to a greater distance    更远；较远
How much farther is it to the airport?   去机场还有多远？
The fog's so thick, I can't see farther than about ten metres.   雾太浓了，能见度大约为十米。UK adjective 
■a greater distance from something    更远；较远
It was farther to the shops than I expected.   去商店的路程比我想像的远。
He swam to the farther side of the lake.   他游到湖的那一端。



★☆☆   farthest
—————————————————
UK adverb    superlative of 
■far (DISTANCE) ; to the greatest distance    更远；较远
What's the farthest you've ever run?   你跑过的最远距离是多少？UK adjective 
■at the greatest distance from sth 
  （离某物）最远的
The farthest landmark visible is about 30km away.   能看见的最远的地标大约有30公里远。



★☆☆   farthing
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a coin worth a quarter of a penny in old British money    法寻（英国旧硬币，值1／4旧便士）



★☆☆   fascia
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
VEHICLE  车辆     UK formal 
■the dashboard in a motor vehicle 
  （汽车的）仪表板UK noun countable 
SHOP  商店  
■the sign above the window of a shop, where the shop's name is written 
  （店面的）招牌UK noun countable 
PHONE  电话  
■a cover for a mobile phone 
  （手机）机套，护套



★☆☆   fascinate
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to interest someone a lot    深深吸引；迷住
Science has always fascinated me.   科学一直令我着迷。
Anything to do with aeroplanes and flying fascinates him.   一切有关飞机和飞行的东西都令他着迷。



★☆☆   fascinated
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■extremely interested    极感兴趣的；入迷的
We watched fascinated as he cleaned and repaired the watch.   他清洁和修理手表时我们兴致高昂地看着。
I was fascinated to hear about his travels in Bhután.   我着迷地听他讲他的不丹之旅。
They were absolutely fascinated by the game.   他们完全被这个游戏吸引住了。



★☆☆   fascinating
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■extremely interesting    极有趣的；吸引人的
The book offers a fascinating glimpse of the lives of the rich and famous.   这本书使我们得以一窥富豪名流的生活，十分有趣。
I found the whole film fascinating.   我觉得整部电影都很吸引人。



★☆☆   fascination
—————————————————
noun [S or U] 
■when you find someone or something fascinating    入迷；着迷
Miller's fascination with medieval art dates from her childhood.   米勒对中世纪艺术的痴迷始于童年时期。
Mass murders hold a gruesome fascination for the public.   屠杀案既令公众毛骨悚然又叫他们着迷。



★☆☆   Fascism
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■a political system based on a very powerful leader, state control and being extremely proud of country and race, and in which political opposition is not allowed    法西斯主义



★☆☆   fascist
—————————————————
adjective (also fascistic) 
 ADVANCED  
■based on or supporting fascism 
  （基于或支持）法西斯主义的
fascist groups   法西斯团体
a fascist dictator/regime   法西斯独裁者／政权noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■someone who supports fascism    法西斯主义者
■a person of the far right in politics    极右分子
■disapproving 
■someone who does not allow any opposition    独断专行的人
He reckons all policemen are fascists and bullies.   他认为所有的员警都是法西斯兼恶棍。



★☆☆   fashion
—————————————————
noun 
POPULAR STYLE  时兴式样  
 ESSENTIAL  countable or uncountable 
■a style that is popular at a particular time, especially in clothes, hair, make-up, etc 
  （尤指服装、发型、妆容的）流行款式，时兴式样
Long hair is back in fashion for men.   男士又流行留长发了。
Fur coats have gone out of fashion.   皮草大衣已经过时了。
a programme with features on pop music, sport and fashion   以流行音乐、运动和时装为主题的节目
She always wears the latest fashions.   她总是穿着最新款式的服装。
There was a fashion for keeping reptiles as pets.   有一阵子曾流行过养爬虫当宠物。
follow (a) fashion 
■to do what is popular at the time    赶时髦，追随潮流
like it's going out of fashion informal 
■If you use something like it's going out of fashion, you use large amounts of it very quickly    大量快速地（使用）
Emma spends money like it's going out of fashion.   艾玛挥霍无度。noun 
MANNER  方式  
only singular 
■a way of doing things    方式
The rebel army behaved in a brutal fashion.   叛军行事残忍。
after a fashion 
■If you can do something after a fashion, you can do it, but not well    还过得去，还算可以
I can cook, after a fashion.   我会做饭，但做得不好。verb transitive formal 
■to make something using your hands    手工制作
He fashioned a hat for himself from/out of newspaper.   他用报纸给自己做了一顶帽子。



★☆☆   fashionable
—————————————————
adjective 
 IMPROVER  
■popular at a particular time    流行的；时髦的；时尚的
a fashionable nightclub/restaurant   时尚夜总会／餐厅
fashionable ideas/clothes   时髦的思想／衣服
It's not fashionable to wear short skirts at the moment.   现在不流行穿短裙了。
■wearing clothes, doing things and going to places that are in fashion 
  （人）时髦的
A fashionable couple posed elegantly at the next table.   一对穿着入时的夫妻优雅地坐在邻桌。



★☆☆   fashion-conscious
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■interested in the latest fashions and in wearing fashionable clothes    赶时髦的；讲究时髦的
your average fashion-conscious teenager   一个典型的赶时髦的年轻人



★☆☆   fashion-forward
—————————————————
UK adjective informal 
■interested in fashion and wearing things that will soon become very fashionable    衣着前卫的；引领潮流的
clothes for fashion-forward teenagers   为前卫少年设计的服装
■more modern than things that are fashionable now    超越潮流的
fashion-forward jeans   超越潮流的牛仔裤



★☆☆   fashionista
—————————————————
noun countable 
■someone who works in or writes about the fashion industry    时尚界人士；撰写时装评论与报道的人



★☆☆   fashion show 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a show for the public where models wear new styles of clothes    时装表演，时装秀



★☆☆   fashion statement 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■clothes that you wear or something else that you own in order to attract attention and show other people the type of person you are    时尚主张；时尚宣言
I thought I'd be bold and make a fashion statement.   我想我应该大胆一些，阐明我的时尚宣言。



★☆☆   fashion victim 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■someone who always wears very fashionable clothes even if the clothes sometimes make them look silly    盲目追求时尚的人；受时尚左右的人



★☆☆   fast
—————————————————
UK adjective 
QUICK  快的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■moving or happening quickly, or able to move or happen quickly    快的；迅速的；敏捷的
fast cars   速度快的汽车
a fast swimmer   速度快的游泳者
Computers are getting faster all the time.   电脑的速度不断提升。
The fast train (= one that stops at fewer stations and travels quickly) to London takes less than an hour.   到伦敦的快车需时不到一小时。
■If your watch or clock is fast, it shows a time that is later than the correct time. 
  （钟表）走得快的
■specialized 
■describes photographic film which allows you to take pictures when there is not much light or when things are moving quickly 
  （照相胶片）感光快的
fast and furious 
■describes something that is full of speed and excitement    快速激烈的，充满速度与激情的
It's not a relaxing film - it's pretty fast and furious.   这不是一部轻松的电影——它节奏很快，扣人心弦。UK adjective 
IMMORAL  不道德的     old-fashioned disapproving 
■without moral principles    放荡的
a fast crowd   一群生活放荡的人
a fast woman   淫妇UK adjective 
FIXED  固定的  
■If the colour of a piece of clothing is fast, the colour does not come out of the cloth when it is washed. 
  （衣服）不褪色的UK adverb 
 ESSENTIAL  
■quickly 
The accident was caused by people driving too fast in bad conditions.   意外是因在恶劣环境下车速过快造成的。
You'll have to act fast.   你必须迅速行动。
Children's publishing is a fast-growing business.   儿童出版是一个发展迅速的行业。UK adverb 
as fast as your legs would carry you 
■as quickly as possible    拚命地，尽快
He scuttled back into the house as fast as his legs would carry him.   他匆忙地全速奔回屋里。UK adverb 
 play fast and loose with sth/sb 
■to treat something or someone without enough care    轻率地对待（某人或某事）
Like many film-makers, he plays fast and loose with the facts to tell his own version of the story.   他和许多电影制作人一样，对事实不那么在乎，喜欢以自己的角度讲述故事。UK adverb adjective 
■firmly fixed    牢固地（的）
The glue had set and my hand was stuck fast.   胶水凝固了，我的手被牢牢黏住。
He tried to get away, but she held him fast.   他想逃走，但是她紧紧抓住了他。UK adverb adjective 
hold/stand fast 
■to firmly remain in the same position or keep the same opinion    屹立不动，不后退；坚持
The rebels are standing fast and refuse to be defeated.   叛乱者拒不退让，坚持抵抗。
He held fast to his principles.   他坚持自己的原则。UK noun countable 
■a period of time when you eat no food    禁食期；斋戒期
Hundreds of prisoners began a fast in protest about prison conditions.   数百名犯人开始绝食，抗议监狱条件太差。UK verb intransitive 
■to eat no food for a period of time    禁食；斋戒
One day a week he fasts for health reasons.   他出于健康考量每周禁食一天。



★☆☆   fastball
—————————————————
UK US  US 
noun countable 
■a type of high-speed throw in baseball 
  （棒球中的）快球
The pitcher wound up and let loose a fastball.   投手挥动手臂，投出一个快球。



★☆☆   fasten
—————————————————
UK verb 
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to (cause something to) become firmly fixed together, or in position, or closed    扣紧；系牢；扎好；关紧
Make sure your seat belt is securely fastened.   请务必将您的安全带系好。
This shirt fastens at the back.   这件衬衫是在后面系扣的。
fasten sth on/to/together, etc. 
 ESSENTIAL  
■to fix one thing to another    把…固定在（…上）／到（…上）／在一起等
I fastened the sticker to the windscreen.   我把贴纸黏到挡风玻璃上。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   fasten on/upon sth 
■to give attention to something, because it is of special interest or often because you think it is the cause of a problem    集中注意力于；集中思想于
The tabloid newspapers have fastened on popular psychology.   这些小报处处捉摸大众心理。
My mind fastened on his admission that he was an agent.   我的注意力还集中在他承认自己是间谍一事上。




★☆☆   fastener
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a button, zip or other device for temporarily joining together the parts of things such as clothes    钮扣；拉链；扣件



★☆☆   fastening
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a device on a window, door, box, etc. for keeping it closed 
  （窗、门、盒子等的）扣件，紧固件



★☆☆   fast food 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■hot food such as a burger that is quick to cook or is already cooked and is therefore served very quickly in a restaurant    速食



★☆☆   fast food restaurant
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a restaurant that serves fast food such as burgers    速食店



★☆☆   fast-forward
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive or transitive 
■If you fast-forward a recording, or if it fast-forwards, you make it play at very high speed so that you get to the end or a later part more quickly 
  （使）（录音录影设备）快速进带，快进
I hate this song - I'll fast-forward to the next one.   我讨厌这首歌，我要快进到下一首。
The tape jammed while I was fast-forwarding it.   我快进的时候，磁带卡住了。
the fast-forward 
■the part of a piece of electronic equipment that allows you to fast-forward    快进键



★☆☆   fastidious
—————————————————
adjective 
■giving too much attention to small details and wanting everything to be correct and perfect    一丝不苟的；过分严谨的；苛求的
He is very fastidious about how a suitcase should be packed.   他对如何收拾行装要求很严格。
■having a strong dislike of anything dirty or unpleasant    有洁癖的；讲究的
They were too fastidious to eat in a fast-food restaurant.   他们太讲究了，不会在速食店吃饭。



★☆☆   fast lane 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■the part of a main road, such as a motorway, where vehicles travel at the fastest speed 
  （主干道上的）快车道noun only singular 
 life in the fast lane 
■a way of living which is full of excitement, activity and often danger    充满刺激的生活
Parties, drugs, and a stream of glamorous women - his was a life in the fast lane.   他参加聚会，吸食毒品，有无数美女陪伴——过着十分刺激的生活。



★☆☆   fast link 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a road or railway that allows you to travel directly and quickly between two or more places    高速路段（公路或铁路的一段，车辆或火车可直接快捷地在两个或多个地方间穿梭往来）



★☆☆   fastness
—————————————————
UK noun 
FIXED  固定  
uncountable 
■how fast (= fixed) something is    牢固性；不褪色性
Test clothes for colour fastness before washing.   清洗前要检查衣物是否会褪色。UK noun 
SAFE PLACE  安全地方  
countable literary 
■a safe place, such as a fortress    要塞，堡垒
a mountain fastness   山间要塞



★☆☆   fast-talk
—————————————————
UK verb transitive mainly US disapproving 
■to persuade people with a lot of quick, clever, but usually dishonest talk    用花言巧语说服；口若悬河地劝说
He fast-talked his way into a powerful job.   他靠夸夸其谈谋了个要职。



★☆☆   fast-talker
—————————————————
UK noun countable informal disapproving 
■someone who is good at persuading people to do what he or she wants    花言巧语的人；能说会道的人



★☆☆   fast track 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■the quickest, but usually most competitive, route to success or progress 
  （通常充满竞争的）快速成功之路，迅速晋升之道
A degree in computer science offers a fast track to the top.   拥有一个电脑科学的学位有助于快速晋升到高层职位。



★☆☆   fat
—————————————————
adjective (fatter, fattest)
BIG  大的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■having a lot of flesh on the body    胖的，肥胖的
Like most women, she thinks she's fat.   与大多数女性一样，她觉得自己很胖。
I have horrible fat thighs.   我的大腿粗得吓人。
He eats all the time but he never gets fat.   他总是在吃，但从来不长胖。
■thick or large    厚的；大的
He lifted a fat volume down from the shelf.   他从架子上取下一册厚厚的书。
Some producers of mineral water have made fat profits.   一些矿泉水生产商获得了丰厚的利润。adjective (fatter, fattest)
NO  无  
[before noun] informal 
■used in some phrases to mean very little or none    极少的；没有的
A fat lot of use you are (= You are not useful in any way) !   你一点用都没有！
He knows it upsets me, but a fat lot he cares (= he doesn't care).   他知道那让我心烦意乱，但他根本不关心。adjective (fatter, fattest)
fat chance informal 
■used to say that you certainly do not think that something is likely to happen    不大可能，希望渺茫
"Perhaps they'll invite you." "Fat chance (of that)!"   “也许他们会邀请你。”“不太可能！”noun 
 IMPROVER  uncountable 
■the substance under the skin of humans and animals that stores energy and keeps them warm    脂肪
body fat   身体脂肪
Women have a layer of subcutaneous fat (= fat under the skin) , which provides them with better insulation than men.   女性有一层皮下脂肪，使她们比男性更耐寒。
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable 
■a solid or liquid substance from animals or plants and used especially in cooking 
  （尤指用于烹饪的）动物油，植物油
This product contains no animal fat.   本产品不含动物油脂。
I only use vegetable fats in cooking.   我做饭只用植物油。noun 
The fat is in the fire. informal 
■said when something has been said or done that will cause a lot of trouble    事情搞糟了；闯祸了noun 
 live off the fat of the land 
■to be rich enough to enjoy the best of everything    过养尊处优的生活



★☆☆   fatal
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■A fatal illness or accident, etc. causes death    致命的
This illness is fatal in almost all cases.   这种病几乎是不治之症。
the fatal shooting of an unarmed 15-year-old   对手无寸铁的15岁少年的致命枪击
 ADVANCED  
■very serious and having an important bad effect in the future    灾难性的；毁灭性的
He made the fatal mistake/error of believing what they told him.   他听信了他们的话，犯了灾难性的错误。
It just shows how you should never say how well things are going for you - it's fatal (= it causes bad things to happen).   这件事恰恰说明你决不能说事情进展很顺利——这么讲会带来大麻烦。



★☆☆   fatalism
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the belief that people cannot change the way events will happen and that events, especially bad ones, cannot be avoided    宿命论



★☆☆   fatality
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a death caused by an accident or by violence, or someone who has died in either of these ways 
  （事故或暴力事件中的）死亡，死者
Britain has thousands of road fatalities (= deaths on roads) every year.   英国每年死于交通意外的人数以千计。
The first fatalities of the war were civilians.   战争中首当其冲丧命的是平民百姓。



★☆☆   fat cat
—————————————————
 disapproving 
noun countable often plural 
■someone who has a lot of money, especially someone in charge of a company who has the power to increase their own pay    大亨；阔佬；（尤指公司的）老板
The report criticised boardroom fat cats who award themselves huge pay increases.   报告批评董事大亨为自己大幅加薪。
fat cat bosses/directors   有财有势的老板／董事



★☆☆   fate
—————————————————
noun 
 IMPROVER  countable usually singular 
■what happens to a particular person or thing, especially something final or negative, such as death or defeat    命中注定的事；命运；（尤指）厄运
We want to decide our own fate.   我们想决定自己的命运。
His fate is now in the hands of the jury.   现在他的命运掌握在陪审团的手中。
The disciples were terrified that they would suffer/meet the same fate as Jesus.   众门徒害怕遭遇和耶稣一样的命运。
 IMPROVER  uncountable 
■a power that some people believe causes and controls all events, so that you cannot change or control the way things will happen    天意；定数
When we met again by chance in Cairo, I felt it must be fate.   当我们再度在开罗偶遇时，我觉得这一定是天意了。
Fate has brought us together.   天意让我们相聚。noun 
a fate worse than death informal humorous 
■something you do not want to experience because it is so unpleasant    令人极为不快的事
When you're 16, an evening at home with your parents seems like a fate worse than death.   到了16岁，晚上在家和父母呆在一起似乎是极其难受的事。noun 
the Fates 
■three goddesses who the ancient Greeks believed controlled people's lives and decided when people must die 
  （古希腊人认为掌控人的命运的）命运三女神



★☆☆   fated
—————————————————
UK adjective [after verb] 
■not able to be avoided because planned by a power that controls events    命中注定的，命运决定的
[+ that] It seemed fated that we would get married.   我们的姻缘似乎是命中注定的。
[+ to infinitive] She says she was fated to become a writer.   她说命中注定她会成为一名作家。



★☆☆   fateful
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
■having an important and usually negative effect on the future    对未来有重大（负面）影响的
the fateful day of President Kennedy's assassination   甘乃迪总统遇刺的灾难性的一天
He made the fateful decision to send in the troops.   他作出了派遣部队这个影响重大的决定。



★☆☆   fat finger syndrome 
—————————————————
noun uncountable informal 
■when you press the wrong button by accident when you are using a computer keyboard    胖手指综合症（使用电脑键盘时，意外按错键）



★☆☆   fat-free
—————————————————
adjective 
■describes food that contains no fat    脱脂的



★☆☆   fathead
—————————————————
noun countable informal 
■a stupid person    笨蛋，傻瓜



★☆☆   Father
—————————————————
UK noun countable    (written abbreviation Fr) 
■(the title of) a Christian priest, especially a Roman Catholic or Orthodox priest 
  （尤指天主教或东正教的）神父
Father O'Reilly   欧莱礼神父
[as form of address] Are you giving a sermon, Father?   您要布道吗，神父？
■a name for the Christian God    天父；上帝
God the Father   上帝
Our Father, who art in heaven...   我们的天父…



★☆☆   father
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a male parent    父亲，爸爸
My father took me to watch the football every Saturday.   我父亲每周六带我去看足球赛。UK noun countable 
the father of sth 
■the man who began something or first made something important    …的创始人；…的奠基人
Freud was the father of psychiatry.   佛洛伊德是精神病学之父。UK verb transitive 
■to become the father of a child by making a woman pregnant    成为…的父亲
He's fathered three children.   他是三个孩子的父亲。



★☆☆   Father Christmas
—————————————————
mainly UK 
noun 
■an imaginary old man with long white hair and a beard and a red coat who is believed by children to bring them presents at Christmas, or a person who dresses as this character for children    圣诞老人；扮成圣诞老人的人



★☆☆   father figure 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an older man who you treat like a father, especially by asking for his advice, help or support    父亲般的人；长者



★☆☆   fatherhood
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the state or time of being a father    父亲的身分
Fatherhood is a lifelong responsibility.   身为父亲是一生的责任。



★☆☆   father-in-law
—————————————————
UK US (plural fathers-in-law)
noun countable 
■the father of the person you are married to    岳父；公公



★☆☆   fatherland
—————————————————
UK US (also motherland) 
noun countable usually singular 
■the country in which you were born, or the country with which you feel most connected    祖国



★☆☆   fatherless
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■without a father    没有父亲的
fatherless children   没有父亲的孩子



★☆☆   fatherly
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes a man or male behaviour typical of a kind and loving father    慈父般的
fatherly advice   慈父般的忠告



★☆☆   fathom
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a unit for measuring the depth of water, equal to 1.8 metres or 6 feet    英寻（测量水深单位，合1.8米或6英尺）verb transitive 
■to discover the meaning of something    弄清；理解
For years people have been trying to fathom (out) the mysteries of the whale's song.   多年来人们一直试图弄清鲸鱼歌声之谜。
■to understand someone or why someone acts as they do    了解；明白
I can't fathom her at all.   我一点也搞不懂她。



★☆☆   fathomless
—————————————————
 literary 
adjective 
DEEP  深沉  
■too deep to be measured    深不可测的
a fathomless ocean   深不可测的海洋
figurative She gazed into the fathomless depths of his brown eyes.   她凝视着他那双深邃的棕色眼睛。 literary 
adjective 
MYSTERIOUS  神秘的  
■impossible to understand    无法理解的
I'm afraid it's a fathomless mystery.   恐怕这是个不解之谜。



★☆☆   fatigue
—————————————————
noun 
TIREDNESS/WEAKNESS  疲惫／虚弱  
uncountable formal 
■extreme tiredness    疲惫，劳累
She was suffering from fatigue and a stress-related illness.   她劳累不堪，还患了与压力有关的疾病。
uncountable specialized 
■weakness in something, such as a metal part or structure, often caused by repeated bending 
  （金属部件的）疲劳
The crash was caused by metal fatigue in one of the propeller blades.   坠机事件是因一片螺旋桨叶发生金属疲劳造成的。
⇨ See also compassion fatiguenoun 
ARMY  军队  
fatigues [plural]    specialized 
■a loose brownish green uniform worn by soldiers 
  （士兵穿的）工作服，劳动服（一种宽松的暗绿色制服）
army fatigues   军用工作服
■work such as cleaning or cooking, done by soldiers, often as punishment 
  （打扫、帮厨等）士兵杂役（常作为惩罚）
Get dressed right now or you'll find yourself on fatigues.   马上整装，否则罚你做杂役。verb transitive old use or formal 
■to make someone extremely tired    使极度疲劳
The journey had fatigued him.   旅途令他劳累不堪。



★☆☆   fatigued
—————————————————
adjective [after verb] formal 
■tired    劳累的；疲倦的



★☆☆   fatiguing
—————————————————
adjective formal or old-fashioned 
■making you feel tired    令人疲劳的
Loading and unloading ships is fatiguing work.   给船只装卸货物很累人。



★☆☆   fatist
—————————————————
(also fattist) UK adjective informal 
■treating someone unfairly because they are fat    歧视胖子的



★☆☆   fatness
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■when someone or something is fat    肥胖
Fatness often runs in families.   肥胖常在家族内遗传。



★☆☆   fatso
—————————————————
UK noun countable informal disapproving 
■a fat person    胖子
Hey, fatso!   嗨，胖子！



★☆☆   fat tax 
—————————————————
noun countable informal 
■a tax on food that is bad for you because it makes you fat    脂肪税；肥胖税（对容易造成肥胖，不利于健康的食品征收的税）



★☆☆   fatted
—————————————————
UK adjective    See kill the fatted calf at kill



★☆☆   fatten
—————————————————
UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] fatten sb/sth up 
■to give an animal or a thin person a lot of food so that they become fatter    使长胖，使长肥；给…育肥
These cattle are being fattened up for slaughter.   这些牛在育肥以供屠宰。
humorous You're just trying to fatten me up.   你这是在给我催肥呢。




★☆☆   fattening
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes food that contains a lot of fat, sugar, etc. that would quickly make you fatter if you ate a lot of it 
  （食物）使人发胖的
fattening food, such as cheese and chocolate   起司、巧克力之类容易使人发胖的食物



★☆☆   fattist
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■fatist    歧视胖子的



★☆☆   fatty
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■containing a lot of fat    富含脂肪的
Goose is a very fatty meat.   鹅肉是高脂肪肉类。UK noun countable (also fatso) informal disapproving or humorous 
■a fat person    胖子



★☆☆   fatty acid 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■any of a group of chemicals, most of which are involved in the way cells operate in the body    脂肪酸



★☆☆   fatuous
—————————————————
adjective formal 
■stupid, not correct, or not carefully thought about    愚蠢的；昏庸的；错误的；未经认真考虑的
a fatuous idea   愚蠢的想法



★☆☆   fatwa
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an official statement or order from an Islamic religious leader 
  （伊斯兰教领袖的）裁决，决断，法特瓦



★☆☆   faucet
—————————————————
UK noun countable    US for 
■tap (DEVICE) 



★☆☆   fault
—————————————————
UK noun 
MISTAKE  错误  
 ESSENTIAL  uncountable 
■a mistake, especially something for which you are to blame    过错，过失；责任
It's not my fault she didn't come!   她没来不是我的错！
She believes it was the doctor's fault that Peter died.   她认为彼得的死医生需要负责。
The fault was/lay with the organizers, who failed to make the necessary arrangements for dealing with so many people.   是组织者的过错，他们没有做好必要的安排来接待这么多人。
Through no fault of his own , he spent a week locked up in jail.   他自己并没犯甚么过错，但被关在监狱里一个星期。
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a weakness in a person's character    缺点；弱点
He has many faults, but dishonesty isn't one of them.   他有很多缺点，但人还算诚实。
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a broken part or weakness in a machine or system 
  （机器或系统的）毛病，故障，缺陷
The car has a serious design fault.   这款汽车存在着重大的设计缺陷。
I think it's got an electrical fault.   我认为是电路出了故障。
For all its faults, our transport system is still better than that in many other countries.   尽管存在着种种缺陷，我们的运输系统仍然比其他许多国家的要好。
countable 
■a mistake made when hitting the ball over the net, in tennis or a similar game, to begin a game 
  （网球等的）发球失误
be at fault 
■to have done something wrong    有过错；有责任
Her doctor was at fault for/in not sending her straight to a specialist.   她的医生犯了过错，没有把她直接送到专科医生那里去治疗。
find fault with sb/sth 
■to criticize someone or something, especially without good reasons    找…的错处，挑…的毛病
He's always finding fault with my work.   他总是挑我工作上的毛病。UK noun 
CRACK  裂缝  
countable specialized 
■a crack in the Earth's surface where the rock has divided into two parts which move against each other 
  （地表的）断层
Surveyors say the fault line is capable of generating a major earthquake once in a hundred years.   土地测量员称这个断层带能引发百年一遇的大地震。UK noun 
be kind/generous, etc. to a fault 
■to be extremely kind/generous, etc    极为仁慈／慷慨等
She's a really sweet person and she's generous to a fault.   她是个非常善良的人，而且十分慷慨。UK verb 
CRITICIZE  批评  
transitive 
■to find a reason to criticize someone or something    找…的缺点；挑剔，指责
I can't fault the way they dealt with the complaint.   他们处理投诉的方式我无可挑剔。
I can't fault you on your logic.   你的逻辑我挑不出毛病。UK verb 
SPORTS  运动  
intransitive 
■to hit a fault in tennis and other similar games    发球失误
That's the fourth serve he's faulted on today.   那是他今天第四次发球失误了。



★☆☆   faultless
—————————————————
UK adjective approving 
■perfect and without any mistakes    完美的；无误的
a faultless performance   完美的表演
speaking faultless French   一口完美的法语



★☆☆   fault line 
—————————————————
noun countable 
CRACK  裂缝  
■a fault (= break in the Earth's surface) 
  （地球表面的）断层线noun countable 
PROBLEM  问题  
■a problem that may not be obvious, which could cause something to fail 
  （潜在的）问题，隐忧
The fault lines of imperfect peace deals are already showing.   因和平协议不完善而引发的潜在问题已经开始浮现。



★☆☆   faulty
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■A faulty machine or device is not perfectly made or does not work correctly    有缺陷的；不完美的
faulty wiring/brakes   有毛病的电线线路／煞车



★☆☆   faun
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an imaginary creature which is like a small man with a goat's back legs, tail, ears and horns    农牧神（一种虚构的半人半羊生物）



★☆☆   fauna
—————————————————
UK  US  specialized 
noun uncountable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■all the animals that live wild in a particular area 
  （某一地区的）动物群
an expedition to explore the flora and fauna of Hornchurch Wood   考察霍恩彻奇林区动植物群的探索



★☆☆   faux
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■not real, but made to look or seem real; false    假的；伪造的；人工的
faux fur   人造毛
a faux-brick wall   假砖墙



★☆☆   faux pas
—————————————————
UK noun countable (plural faux pas)
■words or behaviour that are a social mistake or not polite    失言；失礼
I made some remark about his wife's family then realized I'd made a serious faux pas.   我谈论了几句他妻子的娘家，接着就意识到这很失礼。



★☆☆   fave
—————————————————
noun countable adjective    informal for 
■favourite    特别喜爱的（东西）；最喜欢的（东西）
"Does anyone want a sweet?" "Ooh thanks, they're my faves."   “谁想要糖果？”“哦，谢谢，糖果是我的最爱。”



★☆☆   favour
—————————————————
 UK (ALSO US favor) UK noun 
SUPPORT  支持  
 ADVANCED  uncountable 
■the support or approval of something or someone    支持；赞同
These plans are unlikely to find favour unless the cost is reduced.   这些计划除非缩减费用，否则不大可能得到支持。
The Council voted in favour of a £200 million housing development.   政务委员会投票赞成耗资两亿英镑的新建住宅区计划。
She is out of favour (= unpopular) with her colleagues.   她在同事当中人缘不好。
Her economic theories are in favour (= popular) with the current government.   她的经济理论获得现任政府的赞同。
He sent her presents in an attempt to win her favour.   他向她赠送礼物，企图博得她的好感。
in your favour 
■When something is in your favour, it gives you an advantage    有利于（某人），有助于（某人）
This candidate has a lot in her favour, especially her experience of teaching.   这位求职者有很多优势，尤其是她执教的经验。
find in sb's favour 
■If a judge finds in someone's favour, they say that they are not guilty.    判决（某人）无罪 UK (ALSO US favor) UK noun 
KIND ACT  善行  
 ADVANCED  countable 
■a kind action that you do for someone    帮助；好事；恩惠
She rang up to ask me a favour.   她打电话来请我帮个忙。
Could you do me a favour - would you feed my cat this weekend?   你能帮我个忙——这周末帮我喂猫吗？
countable usually plural 
■when you favour someone by giving them an advantage, such as money or a good job    特别照顾，优惠；偏袒
Several politicians were accused of dispensing favours to people who voted for them.   几名政客被指责向投票支援他们的人提供好处。 UK (ALSO US favor) UK noun 
PRESENT  礼物  
countable usually plural 
■a small present that you give to every guest at a wedding, party, etc. 
  （在婚礼、聚会上派发的）小礼物
wedding favours   婚礼礼品 UK (ALSO US favor) UK noun 
be free with your favours old-fashioned 
■to be willing to have sex with a lot of people    性生活随便；滥交
She's rather too free with her favours, from what I hear.   我听说，她在男女关系上非常随便。 UK (ALSO US favor) UK noun 
Do me/us a favour! informal 
■something you say in answer to a stupid and impossible suggestion 
  （用于回答荒谬的建议）得了吧！
"Why don't you tell the police what happened?" "Oh, do me a favour!"   “你为甚么不告诉员警发生了甚么事？”“噢，得了吧！” UK (ALSO US favor) UK noun 
not do sb any favours 
■to do something that is likely to have a bad effect on you or on another person    做对自己或他人有不良影响的事，做损人（或害己）的事
[R] You're not well, and you're not doing yourself any favours by taking on extra work.   你身体不好，加班对你没有好处。
[by + -ing verb] The government isn't doing the families of the victims any favours by hiding the truth about what really happened.   政府隐瞒了事实的真相，这么做对受害者家属没有好处。 UK (ALSO US favor) UK noun 
speak in sb's favour 
■to state your support for someone    表明支持（某人） UK (ALSO US favor) UK verb transitive 
 ADVANCED  
■to support or prefer one particular possibility    赞同；较喜欢
These are the running shoes favoured by marathon runners.   这些是马拉松选手喜爱的跑鞋。
In the survey, a majority of people favoured higher taxes and better public services over (= rather than) tax cuts.   调查显示，大多数人赞同提高赋税并改善公共服务事业，不赞成削减赋税。
[+ -ing verb] I generally favour travelling by night, when the roads are quiet.   我一般喜欢夜里赶路，那时候路上比较清静。
 ADVANCED  
■to give an advantage to someone or something, in an unfair way    优惠；偏袒；特别照顾
A strong wind will favour the bigger boats.   强风对大船有利。
She always felt that her parents favoured her brother.   她总觉得父母偏爱弟弟。 UK (ALSO US favor) UK verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   favour sb with sth formal 
■to be polite and kind enough to give something to someone    给予（某人）…
I've no idea what is happening - David has not favoured me with an explanation.   我不清楚是怎么回事——大卫没有给我任何解释。




★☆☆   favourable
—————————————————
 UK (ALSO US favorable) UK adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■showing that you like or approve of someone or something    称赞的；赞同的
We have had a favourable response to the plan so far.   到目前为止，关于此计划我们得到的回馈是正面的。
 ADVANCED  
■making you support or approve of someone or something    赢得赞许的；讨人喜欢的
She made a very favourable impression on us.   她给我们留下的印象非常好。
 ADVANCED  
■giving you an advantage or more chance of success    有利的；有助益的
favourable weather conditions   有利的天气条件



★☆☆   favourite
—————————————————
 UK (ALSO US favorite) ['fe&#x26A;.v&#x259;r.&#x26A;t]
adjective [before noun] 
 ESSENTIAL  
■best liked or most enjoyed    最喜欢的；特别喜爱的
"What's your favourite colour?" "Green."   “你最喜欢甚么颜色？”“绿色。”
my favourite restaurant/book/song   我最喜欢的餐馆／书／歌曲 UK (ALSO US favorite) ['fe&#x26A;.v&#x259;r.&#x26A;t]
noun countable 
 IMPROVER  
■a thing that someone likes best or enjoys most    最喜欢的东西；特别喜爱的东西
How clever of you to buy chocolate chip cookies - they're my favourites.   你真聪明，买了带巧克力颗粒的饼干——这是我的最爱。
■a person who is treated with special kindness by someone in authority    受宠的人；受偏爱的人
the teacher's favourite   老师的宠儿
■the person or animal most people expect to win a race or competition    最有希望的获胜者；比赛中最被看好的人（或动物）
Great Gold is the favourite in the 2.00 race at Epsom.   巨金被认为最有希望在埃普索姆赛马会中获得两英里赛的冠军。
[+ to infinitive] Brazil are favourites to win this year's World Cup.   巴西队是今年世界杯赛的夺冠热门。



★☆☆   favourite son
—————————————————
 UK (ALSO US favorite son) 
noun only singular 
■a famous person, especially a politician, who is supported and praised by people in the area they come from    故乡的骄子（尤指政治家）



★☆☆   favouritism
—————————————————
 UK (ALSO US favoritism) ['fe&#x26A;.v&#x259;r.&#x26A;.t&#x26A;.z&#x259;m]
noun uncountable disapproving 
■unfair support shown to one person or group, especially by someone in authority 
  （尤指当权者不公平的）偏爱，偏袒
A parent must be careful not to show favouritism towards any one of their children.   家长必须注意不要偏爱任何一个子女。



★☆☆   fawn
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a young deer    幼鹿UK adjective noun uncountable 
■(having) a pale yellowish brown colour    浅黄褐色（的）UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   fawn on/upon sb 
■If an animal such as a dog fawns on/upon you, it is very friendly towards you and rubs itself against you. 
  （动物）讨好（某人），向（某人）摇尾乞怜UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   fawn over/on sb disapproving 
■to praise someone too much and give them a lot of attention which is not sincere in order to get a positive reaction    奉承，恭维，讨好（某人）
I hate waiters who fawn over you.   我讨厌奉承人的侍者。    fawning
    UK adjective    disapproving    2. a fawning young man    谄媚的年轻男子




★☆☆   fax
—————————————————
noun 
countable 
■(a copy of) a document that travels in electronic form along a telephone line and is then printed on paper    传真件；传真电文，传真信件
I'll send you a fax with the details of the proposal.   我会把提案的细节用传真发给您。
■ countable or uncountable (also fax machine) 
■a device or system used to send and receive documents in electronic form along a telephone line    传真机；传真（系统）
I'll send you the agenda by fax.   我会把议程用传真发给您。
Have you got a fax at home?   你家里有传真机吗？verb transitive 
 ADVANCED  
■to send a document using a fax machine    传真（文件）
I'll fax it (through/over/across) to you.   我会把它传真给您。
[+ two objects] Fax me your reply/Fax your reply to me.   请用传真答覆。



★☆☆   faze
—————————————————
verb [T; not continuous]    informal 
■to surprise and worry someone    使慌乱；使担忧；使惊慌失措
No one is fazed by the sight of guns here any more.   这里不会再有人见到枪就惊慌失措了。



★☆☆   fear
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■an unpleasant emotion or thought that you have when you are frightened or worried by something dangerous, painful or bad that is happening or might happen    害怕，惧怕；担忧
Trembling with fear, she handed over the money to the gunman.   她吓得发抖，战战兢兢地把钱递给了持枪歹徒。
Even when the waves grew big, the boy showed no (signs of) fear.   即使是浪大的时候，这个男孩也毫无惧色。
I have a fear of heights.   我有惧高症。
The low profit figures simply confirmed my worst fears.   这么低的利润完全证实了我最担心的事。
[+ that] There are fears that the disease will spread to other countries.   有人担心这种疾病会传播到其他国家。
be in fear of your life 
■to be frightened that you might be killed    害怕丧命；为生命安全担忧
Lakisha sat inside, in fear of her life, until the police came.   拉基莎担心自己的安全，就坐在里面直到员警到来为止。
be no fear of sth informal 
■to be no possibility that a particular thing will happen    不可能发生
Malcolm knows the city well, so there's no fear of us getting lost (= we will not get lost).   马尔科姆很熟悉这座城市，所以我们不可能迷路。
for fear that/of sth 
■because you are worried that a particular thing might happen    生怕，以免
They wouldn't let their cat outside for fear (that) it would get run over.   他们不让猫到室外去，生怕它被车撞倒。
I didn't want to move for fear of waking her up.   我当时不想动，生怕把她弄醒了。UK noun countable or uncountable 
have fears for sb/sth 
■to be worried about someone or something    为…担心；为…忧虑
The climbers are a day late returning from the mountain and we are beginning to have fears for their safety.   已经一天了，登山的人还没有回来，我们开始担心他们的安全。UK noun countable or uncountable 
No fear! UK slang 
■certainly not    决不！当然不！
"Are you coming to the concert?" "No fear!"   “你会来听音乐会吗？”“当然不会。”UK noun countable or uncountable 
put the fear of God into you 
■to frighten you a lot    恐吓（某人）UK noun countable or uncountable 
without fear or favour 
■in an equal and fair way    公正地；不偏不倚
The appointments are made without fear or favour.   各项任命都十分公正。UK verb 
 IMPROVER  [T; not continuous] 
■to be frightened of something or someone unpleasant    害怕，畏惧，惧怕
Most older employees fear unemployment.   大多数上了年纪的雇员都害怕失业。
What do you fear most?   你最怕甚么？
 IMPROVER  [T; not continuous] formal 
■to be worried or frightened that something bad might happen or might have happened    担心；担忧
[+ (that)] Police fear (that) the couple may have drowned.   警方担心这对夫妻可能已溺水身亡。
formal It is feared (that) as many as two hundred passengers may have died in the crash.   人们担心可能有多达两百名乘客在这次空难中丧生。
We huddled together, fearing we might be killed.   我们挤作一团，担心会被杀掉。
[+ to infinitive] Fearing to go herself, she sent her son to find out the news.   她自己不敢去，就派了儿子去探查消息。
I fear    formal 
■used to give someone news of something bad that has happened or might happen 
  （用于告知坏消息）我恐怕
[+ (that)] I fear (that) she's already left.   恐怕她已经离开了。UK verb 
never fear (also fear not) old use or humorous 
■do not worry    别担心，别怕
Never fear, I'll take good care of him.   别担心，我会好好照顾他的。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   fear for sb/sth formal 
■to be worried about something, or to be worried that someone is in danger    为…担心；为…忧虑
Her parents fear for her safety.   父母担心她的安全。




★☆☆   fearful
—————————————————
UK adjective 
FRIGHTENED  恐惧的     slightly formal 
■frightened or worried about something    恐惧的；担心的；忧虑的
He hesitated before ringing her, fearful of what she might say.   给她打电话之前他犹豫不决，害怕她会说甚么。
She's fearful (that) she may lose custody of her children.   她担心自己会失去对几个子女的监护权。UK adjective 
BAD  糟糕的     UK old-fashioned 
■very bad    极坏的；极糟糕的
a fearful argument   极不愉快的争论
a fearful temper   糟糕的脾气



★☆☆   fearfully
—————————————————
UK adverb 
■with fear    害怕地；畏惧地
Fearfully, he walked closer to the edge.   他心惊胆战地朝崖边走近了一点。
■UK old-fashioned 
■extremely    极其
These cakes are fearfully good.   这些蛋糕好极了。



★☆☆   fearless
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■having no fear    无畏的；大胆的
a fearless fighter   无畏的斗士



★☆☆   fearsome
—————————————————
UK adjective formal 
■frightening    可怕的；吓人的
a fearsome reputation   令人生畏的名声
a fearsome display of violence   骇人的暴力行为



★☆☆   feasibility
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■whether something can be made, done or achieved, or is reasonable    可行性
We're looking at the feasibility of building a shopping centre there.   我们正在考虑在那里兴建一个购物中心的可行性。



★☆☆   feasibility study 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an examination of a situation to decide whether a suggested method, plan, or piece of work is possible or reasonable    可行性研究（透过研究，对建议的方法、计划或专案的可行性和合理性进行评定）
The local authority is to carry out a feasibility study into expanding the old stadium.   当地政府将对扩建旧体育馆进行可行性研究。
The company agreed to conduct a feasibility study for a hydroelectric plant at Aimores.   公司同意对在艾莫雷斯山兴建水力发电厂进行可行性研究。



★☆☆   feasible
—————————————————
 slightly formal 
adjective 
■able to be made, done or achieved    可行的；行得通的；做得到的
With the extra resources, the scheme now seems feasible.   有了额外的资源，这个计划现在看来是可行的。
[+ to infinitive] It may be feasible to clone human beings, but is it ethical?   复制人类也许可以做到，但是这合乎道德吗？
■possible or reasonable    可能的；合理的
It 's quite feasible (that) we'll get the money.   我们很有可能拿到这笔钱。



★☆☆   feast
—————————————————
noun 
FOOD  食物  
countable 
■a special meal with very good food or a large meal for many people    盛宴；宴会
"What a feast!" she said, surveying all the dishes on the table.   “多丰盛的宴席啊！”她一边打量着桌上的菜肴，一边说道。
a wedding feast   婚宴noun 
ENJOYABLE THING  享受的事物  
only singular 
■a very enjoyable experience for the senses, especially a visual or musical experience 
  （感官）享受
a visual feast   视觉盛宴
His food is a feast for the eyes as well as the palate.   他做的菜既赏心悦目又让人大饱口福。
only singular 
■a collection of something to be enjoyed    令人喜爱的事物
The team contains a veritable feast of international talent.   这个团队里有一批名副其实的国际人才。noun 
CELEBRATION  庆祝  
countable 
■a day on which a religious event or person is remembered and celebrated 
  （宗教）节日
the Feast of St James/the Passover   圣雅各节／逾越节
a Muslim feast day   一个穆斯林节日verb 
feast your eyes on sth/sb literary 
■to look at someone or something with great enjoyment    尽情欣赏；看到…大饱眼福
As you cruise the waterways, feast your eyes on the gorgeous views of the illuminated city.   沿水路乘船漫游时，尽管饱览城市灯火辉煌的绚丽景色吧。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   feast on sth literary 
■to eat a lot of good food and enjoy it very much    尽情享用（美味佳肴）
We feasted on smoked salmon and champagne.   我们尽情享用了熏鲑鱼和香槟。




★☆☆   feat
—————————————————
noun countable 
■something difficult needing a lot of skill, strength, bravery, etc. to achieve it    技艺；功绩；业绩；英勇事迹
The Eiffel Tower is a remarkable feat of engineering.   艾菲尔铁塔是工程技术上的一大非凡杰作。
She's performed remarkable feats of organization for the office.   她为办事处所做的组织工作成绩斐然。noun countable 
be no mean feat informal 
■to be a great achievement    是了不起的成就
Getting the job finished in under a week was no mean feat.   一周内就把这项任务完成了，真了不起。



★☆☆   feather
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■one of the many soft light things which cover a bird's body, consisting of a long thin central part with material like hairs along each side    羽毛；翎毛
peacock/ostrich feathers   孔雀／鸵鸟羽毛
feather pillows (= those containing feathers)   羽绒枕头
The bird ruffled its feathers.   这只鸟竖起了羽毛。UK noun countable 
be (as) light as a feather 
■to be very light in weight    轻如鸿毛UK noun countable 
a feather in your cap 
■an achievement to be proud of    可引以为傲的成就
It's a real feather in our cap to be representing Britain in this contest.   代表英国参加这次比赛是真正让我们引以自豪的事。UK verb transitive specialized 
■to turn oars (= poles with flat ends used to move a boat) so that the flat parts are horizontal above the water while you prepare for the next pull 
  （桨叶与水面平行地）划（桨）UK verb transitive specialized 
feather your own nest mainly disapproving 
■to make yourself rich, especially in a way that is selfish or dishonest    中饱私囊



