★☆☆   roulette
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a game of chance in which a small ball is dropped onto a wheel that is spinning and the players guess in which hole it will finally stop    轮盘赌



★☆☆   round
—————————————————
preposition adverb mainly UK (US usually around) 
AROUND  围绕  
 ESSENTIAL  
■in a circular direction or position; around    围绕；环绕；绕过
The Moon goes round the Earth.   月球围绕地球转。
We ran round (the outside of the house) to the back, looking for the dog.   我们跑到房子后面去找狗。
The idea has been going round and round in my head all day (= I can't stop thinking about it).   这个想法一整天都萦绕在我心头。
When one engine stopped, we had to turn round (= turn to face the opposite direction) and fly home.   飞机的一台引擎熄火了，我们不得不掉头飞回。
⇨ See also theatre in the roundpreposition adverb mainly UK (US usually around) 
IN ALL PARTS  到处  
 ESSENTIAL  
■in every part of a place, or in various parts of a place    在…各处；处处；到处
The landlord showed me round (the house).   房主带我（在房子里）四处看了看。
I had to go all round town to find a hotel that was open.   我不得不在城中四处寻找还在营业的宾馆。
This virus has been going round (the school) (= many people have had it).   这种病毒（在学校）四处传播。preposition adverb mainly UK (US usually around) 
SURROUNDING  围绕  
 IMPROVER  
■on all or some sides of something    在…周围；在…附近；方圆
We sat round the fire.   我们围着火炉坐着。
The house has trees all round.   这座房子四周都是树。
The pyramid is 50 metres high and 100 metres round (the base).   这座金字塔高50米，底部周长100米。
Everyone for a mile round (= in the area) heard the explosion.   方圆一英里之内的人都听到了爆炸声。preposition adverb mainly UK (US usually around) 
DIRECTION  方向  
 IMPROVER  
■in a particular direction    在（某处）；在（某个方位）
The garden is round the back (of the house).   花园在（房子）后面。
I used to live round (= near) here when I was a child.   我童年时就住在这一带。
You must come round (to my house) sometime soon.   你找个时间一定（到我家）来坐坐。
UK not standard We're going round (= to) the pub for a quick drink.   我们要去酒馆抓紧喝上一杯。preposition adverb mainly UK (US usually around) 
right/wrong way round 
■facing the right/wrong way    方向正／相反地；朝向正面／反面
He put the wheel on the right/wrong way round.   他把车轮子上好／反了。preposition adverb mainly UK (US usually around) 
round about 
■approximately    大约，大概，左右
"We'll be at your house at round about 9 o'clock, okay?"   “我们将在九点左右到你家，好不好？”preposition adverb mainly UK (US usually around) 
round the corner 
■very near here    在附近；在近处
There's a great restaurant just round the corner.   在不远的地方就有一家特别好的饭店。preposition adverb mainly UK (US usually around) 
way round 
■a way of dealing with or avoiding a problem 
  （解决或避免问题的）出路，解决办法，余地
There's no way round this problem.   这个问题没法解决。adjective 
CIRCULAR  圆形的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■shaped like a ball or circle, or curved    球形的；圆形的；弧形的
Tennis balls and oranges are round.   网球和橘子是圆的。
a round hole/stone/table/window   圆孔／石／桌／窗
a round face   圆脸
round eyes   圆眼睛adjective 
COMPLETE  完整的  
■(of a number) whole or complete; given to the nearest 1, 10, 100, etc. and not as exact amounts    整数的；用整数表示的；用约整数表示的
2.8 to the nearest round number is 3.   与2.8最接近的整数是三。
"I've got 95 bottles here for you." "Could you make it a round hundred, please?"   “我这里有95瓶给你。”“能不能凑个整数，给100瓶怎么样？”noun countable 
GROUP  组  
 IMPROVER  
■a number of things or group of events    一连串的事情；一系列的事件；一系列活动
Russia and America will hold another round of talks next month.   俄罗斯和美国将在下个月举行另一轮会谈。
When we were young life was just one long round of parties/pleasure.   我们年轻时，生活的内容好像就是一个又一个聚会／一件又一件令人开心的事情。
■drinks that you buy for a group of people 
  （一人给大家买的）每人一份（饮料），一巡（饮料）
It's your turn to buy a round.   该你请大家都喝上一杯了。
■UK 
■a single slice of toast, or a sandwich 
  （面包的）一片；整片三明治
■UK (US route) 
■a set of regular visits that you make to a number of places or people, especially in order to take products as part of your job 
  （尤指作为送货工作的）例行拜访
He has a milk/paper round.   他挨家送奶／报纸。
■specialized 
■a song for several singers, who begin singing one after the other at various points in the song    轮唱曲，轮唱歌noun countable 
COMPETITION PART  比赛部分  
■a part of a competition 
  （比赛的）一轮，一场，一局
She was knocked out of the championship in the third round.   她在锦标赛的第三轮被淘汰。
■one of the periods of time during a boxing or wrestling match when the competitors are fighting 
  （拳击、摔跤等比赛的）回合
■a complete game in golf 
  （高尔夫球比赛打完场中所有洞的）一场noun countable 
BULLET  子弹  
■a bullet or other single piece of ammunition 
  （子弹的）一发
The soldiers had only twenty rounds left.   士兵们只剩下20发子弹了。noun countable 
the daily round UK old-fashioned 
■the tasks you have to do every day    日常工作；每天的例行工作
I get exhausted just by the daily round.   每天的例行工作就已经让我筋疲力尽了。noun countable 
go the rounds UK 
■to go from person to person or place to place    到各处去；到处转；到处传播
That story has gone the rounds in our office.   那件事已在我们办公室传遍了。noun countable 
make/do the rounds 
■to talk to a lot of people    交谈一圈；四处访问
I've made/done the rounds of all the agents, but nobody has any tickets left.   我已经问过所有的代理点了，但是都没有票了。noun countable 
on your rounds 
■to be out on a regular visit    巡行；巡视；巡诊
The doctor's out on his rounds.   大夫出去巡诊了。noun countable 
round of applause 
■when people clap    一阵掌声
The singer got a big round of applause.   歌手的演唱赢得了一阵热烈的掌声。verb transitive 
■to go around something    绕过；绕行；拐（弯）
Colin rounded the corner at high speed.   科林急速拐弯。verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] round sth down 
■to reduce a number to the nearest whole or simple number    把（数）下舍入，舍弃尾数把（数字）调低为整数verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] round sth off 
SHAPE  
■to make something that is pointed or sharp into a smooth, curved shape by rubbing it    把…磨光修圆，打磨掉…的锋利边角
He used a special machine to round off the corners of the old table.   他用了一台特制的机器将这张旧桌子的角打磨成圆形。
COMPLETE  
■to complete an event or activity in a pleasant or satisfactory way    圆满完成，圆满结束
To round off her education, her father sent her to a Swiss finishing school.   为了让她圆满完成学业，父亲把她送进了瑞士的一所女子精修学校。
We rounded the meal off with a chocolate and rum cake.   最后我们又品尝了巧克力和糖蜜酒蛋糕，美美地吃完了这顿饭。verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   round on sb/sth 
■If you round on someone or something, you suddenly turn and attack them    突然回击；突然转身攻击；猛然反扑
The fox rounded on its pursuers.   那只狐狸突然转身向追猎它的人扑来。
figurative The Prime Minister rounded on his critics with a very forceful speech.   首相突然发表了措词强硬的讲话，回击批评他的人。verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] round sth/sb up 
■to find and bring together a group of animals or people    使…聚拢；驱拢；使…聚集
The cowboys rounded the cattle up.   牛仔们将牛赶到一起。
I'll just go and round up Andrew and Patrick for the meeting.   我去把安德鲁和派翠克找来一起开会。verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] round sth up 
■to increase a number to the nearest whole or simple number    把（数字）调高为整数




★☆☆   roundabout
—————————————————
noun countable 
ON ROAD  路口上  
 ADVANCED  UK (US traffic circle) 
■a place where three or more roads join and traffic must go around a circular area in the middle, rather than straight across    环岛；环形交叉路口noun countable 
PLAY EQUIPMENT  游乐设备     UK (US merry-go-round) 
■a flat round piece of equipment in play areas on which children sit or stand and are pushed round and round 
  （游乐区的）旋转平台，旋转椅
■UK 
■a merry-go-round (= machine with animals or vehicles for children to ride at a fair) 
  （儿童乐园的）旋转木马adjective 
■not in a simple, direct or quick way    转弯抹角的；绕弯子的；不直接的
We took a roundabout route to avoid the accident.   为了避开那起事故的事发现场，我们绕道而行。
He asked me, in a roundabout way , if he could have a salary increase.   他转弯抹角地问我是否可以给他加薪。



★☆☆   round brackets 
—————————————————
plural noun    UK for 
■parentheses 



★☆☆   rounded
—————————————————
adjective 
■round or curved    圆形的；弧形的
The little boy stared at the pregnant woman's rounded belly.   小男孩盯着那个孕妇滚圆的大肚子看。



★☆☆   roundel
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a circular decoration, especially a coloured circle on a military aircraft that shows its nationality    圆形装饰；（尤指战斗机上显示国籍的）圆形标记



★☆☆   rounders
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a British game similar to baseball, in which you try to hit a ball and you score a point if you run round all four sides of a large square area 
  （英国的）跑柱式棒球



★☆☆   round-eyed
—————————————————
adjective [after verb] 
■describes someone whose eyes are open very wide because they are surprised, shocked or frightened 
  （因惊奇、震惊或害怕而）两眼圆睁的，瞪大了眼睛的
She was round-eyed with amazement/terror.   她惊讶／吓得瞪大了眼睛。



★☆☆   roundly
—————————————————
 formal 
adverb 
■severely    严厉地；尖刻地；狠狠地
The government is being roundly criticized for its education policy.   政府的教育政策受到严厉抨击。
The home team were roundly defeated.   主队一败涂地。



★☆☆   round robin 
—————————————————
noun countable 
LETTER  信     UK 
■a letter, usually of demands or complaints, which is signed by many people 
  （通常指提出请求或投诉的）联名信，联名声明书
■UK 
■a letter which you send to a lot of people, for example at Christmas telling them what you have done that year    传阅的信件（发送给许多人看的信件，如在圣诞节寄出的信件，告诉别人过去一年你所做的事情）noun countable 
COMPETITION  比赛  
■a competition in which all the players play against each other at least once    循环赛



★☆☆   round-shouldered
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■having shoulders that curve down and forward    弓背曲肩的；肩部向前弯曲的；塌肩弓背的
He had become round-shouldered from years of sitting in front of a computer.   由于长年坐在电脑前工作，他变得塌肩弓背。



★☆☆   round-table
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
■A round-table discussion/meeting is one where people meet and talk in conditions of equality. 
  （讨论或会议）圆桌的（指参与者身分平等）



★☆☆   round-the-clock
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■happening or done all day and all night    日夜不停的，不分昼夜的
He's very sick and needs round-the-clock care.   他的病很重，需要日夜不停的护理。



★☆☆   round trip 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■If you make a round trip, you go on a journey and return to where you started from.    往返旅程



★☆☆   round-up
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a bringing together of people, animals, things, etc.    聚拢，聚集
The President ordered the round-up and imprisonment of all opposition politicians.   总统命令将所有反对他的政界人士一网打尽，全部投入监狱。
⇨ See also round
■a statement on the radio or television of the main points of the news 
  （广播或电视新闻的）简报，综述，概要



★☆☆   roundworm
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■any of various types of worm with a round body that can live in the bowels of people and some animals, and often cause disease    线虫；蛔虫



★☆☆   rouse
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to wake someone up or make someone more active or excited    唤醒；激励，使觉醒，使奋起
He roused himself (from a pleasant daydream) and got back to work.   他不再沉迷（于甜蜜的白日梦中），开始重新投入工作。
The speaker attempted to rouse the crowd with a cry for action.   演讲者高声呼吁大家行动起来，试图激发群众的热情。



★☆☆   rousing
—————————————————
adjective 
■making people feel excited and proud or ready to take action    激动人心的，鼓舞人心的；激励人（行动）的
We sang a last rousing chorus of the national anthem.   我们一起合唱国歌中激动人心的最后一节。
She delivered a rousing speech full of anger and passion.   她发表了义愤填膺、慷慨激昂的演讲。



★☆☆   roustabout
—————————————————
 US (Australian rouseabout) 
noun countable 
■a person whose job involves heavy unskilled work    非熟练工；普通工；非技术工



★☆☆   rout
—————————————————
verb transitive formal 
■to defeat an enemy completely and force them to run away    击溃，使彻底溃败，彻底击败
figurative The Russian chess team have routed all the rest.   俄罗斯国际象棋队把其他参赛队都打了个落花流水。verb transitive formal 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] rout sb out US 
■to make someone come out of the place where they are    赶走（某人），将（某人）撵走，驱赶（某人）
His wife had to rout him out of the crowd.   他的妻子不得不把他硬拖出人群。noun countable 
■defeat    溃败，彻底失败
The battle/election was a complete and utter rout.   那次战役／选举一败涂地。



★☆☆   Route
—————————————————
UK noun 
 ESSENTIAL  
■In the US, Route is used before the names of main roads between some cities 
  （用于美国城市间干线公路编号前）公路
Route 66   66号公路



★☆☆   route
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a particular way or direction between places    路线；路途；航线
The route we had planned took us right across Greece.   我们计划走的路线正好穿过希腊。
I live on a bus route so I can easily get to work.   我的住处有一条公共汽车路线，所以上班很方便。
■a method of achieving something    途径；管道；方法
A college education is often the best route to a good job.   大学教育常常是获得一份好工作的最佳途径。
■US (UK round) 
■a set of regular visits that you make to a number of places or people, especially in order to take products as part of your job 
  （尤指作为送货工作的）例行拜访，固定路线递送UK verb transitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to send    发送；运送；寄发
Deliveries are routed via/by way of London.   货物经由伦敦运送。



★☆☆   route march 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a long, difficult walk, especially one done by soldiers as part of their training    艰苦的长途行走；（尤指军队作为训练的）长途行军



★☆☆   routine
—————————————————
noun 
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable 
■a usual or fixed way of doing things    惯例，常规；例行公事
There's no set/fixed routine at work - every day is different.   工作内容不固定——每天都不同。
He checks under the car for bombs as a matter of routine.   他只要开车就先习惯性地检查车下是否被安了炸弹。
 ADVANCED  countable 
■a regular series of movements, jokes or similar things used in a performance 
  （表演中）一套固定的动作，固定的一套噱头．固定的表演节目
an exercise/dance routine   一套固定的练习／舞蹈动作
He went into his usual 'I'm the head of the family' routine (= usual way of speaking).   他又故态复萌，重弹“我是一家之主”的老调子。
countable specialized 
■a part of a computer program that does a particular operation 
  （电脑的）例行程式adjective 
■done as part of what usually happens, and not for any special reason    常规的
a routine inspection /medical checkup   常规任务／检查／体检
■ordinary and not special or unusual    例行公事的；习惯性的
a routine case of appendicitis   普通盲肠炎病例
He died during a routine operation which went wrong.   他因一次例行性手术出错而死亡。
■disapproving 
■ordinary and boring    平淡的；乏味的
My job is so routine and boring - I hate it.   我的工作一成不变，枯燥乏味——我厌烦透了。



★☆☆   routinely
—————————————————
adverb 
■used for describing what often or usually happens    日常地，常规地
Health and safety rules are routinely flouted/ ignored.   卫生和安全法规经常被忽视。



★☆☆   roux
—————————————————
 (plural roux)
noun countable or uncountable 
■a mixture made from equal amounts of fat and flour, used especially to thicken a sauce or soup    （尤指用来使酱、汤增稠的）油面糊



★☆☆   rove
—————————————————
UK US  literary 
verb intransitive + adverb or preposition transitive 
■to move, travel or look around especially a large area    漫游，流浪；（眼睛）环顾，扫视
His eye/gaze roved hungrily about the room.   他的目光急切地扫视着房间。
He spent most of his life roving the world in search of his fortune.   他大半生的时间都在世界各处游荡，寻找发财的机会。



★☆☆   roving
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■travelling from place to place    漫游的，流浪的
And now a live report from our roving reporter, Martin Jackson.   下面是我们的流动记者马丁．杰克逊发回的现场报道。UK adjective [before noun] 
have a roving eye old-fashioned humorous 
■If you say that someone has a roving eye, you mean that they are always sexually interested in people other than their partner.    色迷迷；总找机会寻花问柳



★☆☆   row
—————————————————
UK noun 
LINE  行  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a line of things, people, animals, etc. arranged next to each other    一排；一行；一列
a row of houses/books/plants/people/horses   一排房屋／一排书／一行植物／一队人／一队马
We had seats in the front/back row of the theatre.   我们坐在剧场前／后排。
countable 
■Row is also used in the names of some roads 
  （用于一些道路的名称中）路，街
Prospect Row   普罗斯派克特街
in a row 
■one after another without a break    接连地；连续地
She's been voted Best Actress three years in a row.   她已经连续三年当选为最佳女演员。
  Common Learner Errors   row   Warning: choose the correct preposition!   To talk about where someone or something is, don't say 'at/on the back/front/first row', say in the back/front/first row:
✗ Unfortunately, we could only get seats on the back row.
—————————————————
UK noun 
MOVING THROUGH WATER  在水中移动  
countable usually singular 
■when someone makes a boat move through water using oars (= poles with flat ends)    划（船）
They've gone for a row to the island.   他们划船去那个岛了。UK noun 
a hard / tough row to hoe US 
■a difficult situation to deal with    难以应付的情况
Teachers have a tough row to hoe in today's schools.   老师现时在学校里处理的工作很棘手。UK verb intransitive or transitive 
■to cause a boat to move through water by pushing against the water with oars (= poles with flat ends)    划（船）
The wind dropped, so we had to row (the boat) back home.   风小了，我们只好划船回家。noun 
ARGUMENT  争吵  
 IMPROVER  countable mainly UK 
■a noisy argument or fight    争吵，吵架；打斗
My parents often have rows, but my dad does most of the shouting.   我父母经常吵架，但大部分时间都是我爸在那里扯着嗓子嚷嚷。
What was a political row over government policy on Europe is fast becoming a diplomatic row between France and Britain.   这本来是一场关于政府对欧洲政策的政治争论，却很快演变成法国和英国两国之间的外交摩擦。noun 
NOISE  噪音  
only singular mainly UK 
■loud noise    大的噪音，响声，闹声
I can't concentrate because of the row the builders are making.   建筑工人弄出那么大噪声，我没法集中注意力。verb intransitive    mainly UK informal 
■to argue, especially loudly 
  （尤指大声地）争吵，吵闹
My parents are always rowing (about/over money).   我父母总是（为了钱的事情）吵个不休。



★☆☆   rowan
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a small tree with small bright red fruit    花楸树；红果花楸



★☆☆   rowdy
—————————————————
 disapproving 
adjective 
■noisy and possibly violent    吵闹的；混乱的；粗暴的
a rowdy party   吵闹的派对
rowdy behaviour   粗暴的行为



★☆☆   row house
—————————————————
US (UK terraced house) 
noun countable 
■a house that is joined to the houses on either side of it by shared walls    排屋



★☆☆   rowing boat
—————————————————
UK (US rowboat) 
noun countable 
■a small boat that is moved by pulling oars (= poles with flat ends) through the water    划艇；用桨划的小船



★☆☆   rowlock
—————————————————
UK US ['r&#x251;:.l&#x259;k/ UK ['ro&#x28A;.l&#x251;:k/ (US oarlock) 
noun countable 
■a U-shaped device or hole on each side of a rowing-boat in which the oars (= poles with flat ends used to move a boat) are held    桨架，桨叉



★☆☆   royal
—————————————————
adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  (written abbreviation r) 
■belonging or connected to a king or queen or a member of their family    国王的；女王的；王室的
the royal family   王室
a royal visit   国王（或女王）的访问
■good or excellent, as if intended for or typical of royalty    很好的；第一流的；似君王的
The team was given a royal reception/welcome.   球队受到了隆重的欢迎。
■mainly US 
■big or great    极大的；极度的
a royal pain/a royal mess   剧痛／脏乱透顶noun countable usually plural informal 
■a member of the royal family    王室成员
The press follow the royals everywhere.   王室成员们到哪里，新闻记者们就跟到哪里。



★☆☆   royal assent
—————————————————
UK specialized 
noun uncountable 
■the official approval of a law by the British king or queen    御准（英国国王或女王签署法令使之生效）



★☆☆   royal blue 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a medium bright blue colour    品蓝色；宝蓝色



★☆☆   royal flush 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■in card games, a set of all the five highest cards in one suit 
  （啤牌游戏中的）同花大顺



★☆☆   Royal Highness 
—————————————————
noun 
Her/His/Your Royal Highness 
■used when you are speaking about or to a royal person 
  （用作对王室成员的尊称）殿下
Thank you, Your Royal Highness.   多谢殿下。
His Royal Highness, Prince Andrew   安德鲁王子殿下



★☆☆   royalist
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person who supports a ruling king or queen or who believes that a king or queen should rule their country    君主主义者；保皇主义者



★☆☆   royal pardon 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an official order given by a king or queen to stop the punishment of a person accused of a crime    国王（或女王）发出的赦免令    Compare free pardon



★☆☆   royal prerogative 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the special rights of the ruling king or queen    国王（或女王）的特权



★☆☆   royalty
—————————————————
UK noun 
RULERS  王室  
 IMPROVER  uncountable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■the people who belong to the family of a king and queen    王室成员；皇族成员
She believes she's related to royalty.   她认为她和王室有血缘关系。UK noun 
PAYMENT  费用  
countable usually plural 
■a payment made to writers, people who have invented things, owners of property, etc. every time their books, devices, land, etc. are bought or used by others 
  （专利）使用费；（著作的）版税；（土地等的）开采使用费，租用费



★☆☆   RP
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable    abbreviation for 
■Received Pronunciation 



★☆☆   RPI
—————————————————
UK noun only singular    UK abbreviation for 
■retail price index 



★☆☆   rpm
—————————————————
UK ■abbreviation for 
■revolutions per minute: used when stating the number of times something goes round during a minute    每分钟转速，转／分



★☆☆   RR 
—————————————————
TRAIN  火车     US written abbreviation for    * railroad (TRAIN) 
POST  邮政     US written abbreviation for 
■rural route: used in addresses in some areas in the US    乡村邮件投递路线（用于美国乡村地区通信地址中）



★☆☆   RRP 
—————————————————
■abbreviation for 
■recommended retail price: the price that the company which makes a product says it should be sold for    建议零售价（制造产品的公司认为该产品应该出售的价格）



★☆☆   RSI
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable    abbreviation for 
■repetitive strain injury 



★☆☆   RSS
—————————————————
noun uncountable specialized    abbreviation for 
■really simple syndication: a way of publishing information on a website so that someone can take it and use it on another website    真正简易聚合（RSS是“真正简易资讯聚合”的意思，是在网站上发布资讯的一种方式，使其他人可在另一个网站上获取并使用这些资讯）



★☆☆   RSVP
—————————————————
UK ■* used at the end of a written invitation to mean 'please answer' 
  （请柬用语）敬请赐复
RSVP by October 9th.   请于10月9日前赐复。



★☆☆   Rt. Hon.
—————————————————
UK ■abbreviation for 
■Right Honourable: a title given to important British officials such as Privy Councillors and members of the government 
  （对英国重要官员和政府成员的尊称）阁下
the Rt. Hon. Judith Smith MP   裘蒂丝．史密斯议员阁下



★☆☆   rub
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive (-bb-)
 IMPROVER  
■to press or be pressed against something with a circular or up and down repeated movement    擦；摩擦；搓；揉搓
She yawned and rubbed her eyes sleepily.   她打着哈欠睡意蒙地揉着眼睛。
He rubbed (at) the stain on his trousers and made it worse.   他去擦裤子上的污渍，结果越擦越脏。
We rubbed some polish into the surface of the wood.   我们在木头表面刷了一些亮光漆。
She gently rubbed the ointment in.   她轻轻揉搓使药膏渗入。
First rub the baking tray well with butter.   先用奶油仔细涂擦烤盘。
[+ obj + adj] Alice rubbed the blackboard clean for the teacher.   爱丽斯替老师擦干净黑板。
Your cat keeps on rubbing itself (up) against my leg.   你的猫老是在我的腿上蹭来蹭去。
She was rubbing her hands (together) at the thought of winning.   想到会获胜，她高兴得直搓手。
The branches rubbed against each other in the wind.   树枝在风中相互摩挲。
The chair legs have rubbed holes in the carpet.   椅子腿把地毯都磨出了洞。
My new shoes are rubbing (against/on my toe) and now I've got blisters.   我的新鞋磨脚（趾），都起泡了。
These marks will never rub off (= be cleaned off).   这些痕迹永远都擦不掉了。
Alice rubbed the sums off (= cleaned them off) the blackboard for the teacher.   爱丽斯替老师把黑板上的算术题擦去。verb intransitive or transitive (-bb-)
rub sb's nose in it 
■to say or do things which make someone remember that they failed or got something wrong    揭（某人）的疮疤；不断提起（某人）以前的过失
Sue failed her exam, so just to rub her nose in it, I put my certificate up on the wall.   休考试没有及格，所以我把自己的证书贴在墙上，就是为了让她难堪。verb intransitive or transitive (-bb-)
rub salt in/into the wound 
■to make a difficult situation even worse for someone    伤口上撒盐，雪上加霜（使某一困难局势对某人来说变得更糟）
Losing was bad enough, having to watch them receiving the trophy just rubbed salt into the wound.   落败已经很糟糕了；还要看着他们接受那个奖杯，更是在伤口上撒盐。verb intransitive or transitive (-bb-)
rub shoulders (with) (US also rub elbows (with)) informal 
■to meet and spend time with 
  （与某人）接触；（与某人）交往；（与某人）厮混
She claims that she rubs shoulders with royalty all the time.   她声称她一直和王室成员有交往。verb intransitive or transitive (-bb-)
rub sb up the wrong way UK (US rub sb the wrong way) 
■to annoy someone without intending to 
  （无意间）触犯（某人），惹恼（某人）
As soon as they met they started to rub each other up the wrong way.   他们刚一见面就惹得彼此很不高兴。verb intransitive or transitive (-bb-)
  Phrasal Verbs   rub along UK informal 
■If two people rub along, they work or live together in a satisfactory way    和睦；相处得好；搭档默契
My flat-mate and I rub along okay together.   我的同屋和我相处得很好。verb intransitive or transitive (-bb-)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] rub sth down 
■to rub something with a rough cloth, brush or paper until its surface is smooth, or clean and shiny    磨平；磨光；把…擦磨干净
Rub the wood down with fine sandpaper till it is smooth.   用细砂纸把木头磨光滑。
We rubbed the walls down with soap and hot water.   我们用肥皂和热水把墙面擦干净了。verb intransitive or transitive (-bb-)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] rub sth/sb down 
■to use a cloth to dry an animal or person    将…擦干
I used a towel to rub the dog down after his bath.   我给狗洗完澡后用毛巾把它的毛擦干。verb intransitive or transitive (-bb-)
  Phrasal Verbs   rub sth in 
■to talk to someone about something which you know they want to forget because they feel bad about it    触及（某人）的痛处；提及令（某人）尴尬的事情
OK, I made a mistake, - you don't have to rub it in.   好了，我是犯了错误——可你也没有必要哪壶不开提哪壶。verb intransitive or transitive (-bb-)
  Phrasal Verbs   rub off informal 
■If a quality or characteristic that someone has rubs off, other people begin to have it because they have been with that person and learnt it from them 
  （品质、性格等）感染，影响，传给
His enthusiasm is starting to rub off on the rest of us.   他的热情开始感染到我们所有人。verb intransitive or transitive (-bb-)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] rub sth out UK 
■to remove writing or a mark from something by rubbing it with a piece of rubber or a cloth 
  （用橡皮、布等）擦掉，抹掉（字迹、痕迹等）
It's in pencil, so you can rub it out if you need to.   这是用铅笔写的，这样如果你需要擦掉的话就会很容易。verb intransitive or transitive (-bb-)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] rub sb out US slang 
■to murder someone    杀掉（某人）；干掉（某人）；除掉（某人）
He was rubbed out by the Mafia.   他被黑手党干掉了。noun countable 
■when you rub something    擦；摩擦；搓；揉搓
He gave her hair a good rub to dry it.   他仔细地擦干了她的头发。noun countable 
the rub formal 
■the particular problem that makes a situation difficult or impossible    问题，困难，障碍
You can't get a job unless you have experience, but there's the rub, you can't get experience unless you have a job.   没有工作经验你就没法找到一份工作，但问题是，没有工作又没法获得经验。



★☆☆   rubber
—————————————————
UK noun 
SUBSTANCE  物质  
 ADVANCED  uncountable 
■an elastic substance (= that stretches) made either from the juice of particular tropical trees or artificially    橡胶；合成橡胶
Tyres are almost always made of rubber.   几乎所有轮胎都是用橡胶制成的。
 ADVANCED  countable UK    * an eraser 
countable US slang for    * a condom 
rubbers [plural]    US old-fashioned for    * overshoes UK noun 
GAME  比赛  
countable 
■a series of three or five games between two teams, especially in card games or cricket    多轮决胜负的比赛（尤指啤牌或板球三局两胜或五局三胜）
We played a rubber of bridge.   我们进行了一次三局两胜制的桥牌比赛。UK noun 
a rubber check US humorous 
■a cheque (= piece of paper from someone's bank that they sign and use for money) that is not worth anything because the person does not have enough money in the bank    空头支票（某人签署的、用于取钱的银行支票，但没有价值，因为这个人的银行帐户上没有足够的钱）



★☆☆   rubber band
—————————————————
(also elastic band) 
noun countable 
■a thin ring of rubber used for holding things together    橡皮圈，橡皮筋
She put a rubber band around the box.   她在盒子上套了一个橡皮筋。



★☆☆   rubber boot 
—————————————————
noun countable    US for 
■wellington (boot) 



★☆☆   rubber dinghy 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small rubber boat which has air in it to keep its shape    橡皮艇；充气橡皮筏



★☆☆   rubbernecker
—————————————————
UK US (also rubberneck) 
noun countable 
■a driver who drives more slowly to look at an accident, or a person who looks at something in a stupid way 
  （有事故发生时放慢车速好奇地观看的）好看热闹的司机；好奇地东张西望的人



★☆☆   rubber plant 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a plant with dark green shiny leaves that comes originally from Asia 
  （原产亚洲的）橡胶植物，印度橡树



★☆☆   rubber-stamp
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular 
■a small device with raised letters made of rubber, that is used for printing the date, name of an organization, etc. on documents 
  （用来在档上印日期、组织名称等的）橡皮图章UK verb transitive disapproving 
■to officially approve a decision or plan without thinking about it 
  （不经考虑）例行公事地通过，照例批准
The boss makes the decisions and the committee just rubber-stamps them.   老板作决定，委员会只会照例批准。



★☆☆   rubber tree 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a type of tropical tree from which latex (= the liquid which is used to make rubber) is obtained    橡胶树



★☆☆   rubbery
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■feeling or bending like rubber    橡胶似的；软的
My legs felt all rubbery (= weak) after the race.   赛跑结束后我觉得两腿像橡皮捏的一样疲软无力。



★☆☆   rubbing alcohol 
—————————————————
noun uncountable    US for 
■surgical spirit 



★☆☆   rubbish
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 ADVANCED  mainly UK (US garbage) (also trash) 
■waste material or things that are no longer wanted or needed    垃圾；废弃物
I forgot to put the rubbish out for collection this morning.   我今天早晨忘了把垃圾拿出来让人收走。
Put the empty box in the rubbish bin.   把空盒子放在垃圾桶里。
Take the old furniture to the rubbish dump.   把这件旧家俱扔到垃圾场去。
 ADVANCED  informal 
■something that you think is very low quality or not true    粗制滥造的东西，劣质的东西；废话，瞎说
The film was rubbish.   这部电影纯属垃圾。
His ideas are a load of (old) rubbish.   他的想法真是一堆垃圾。verb transitive UK informal 
■to criticize    批评；狠批；贬低
Why does everyone rubbish my ideas?   为甚么大家都把我的想法批得一文不值？adjective UK informal 
■completely without skill at a particular activity    一窍不通的；蹩脚的
I'm rubbish at arithmetic.   我对算术一窍不通。



★☆☆   rubbishy
—————————————————
 mainly UK informal 
adjective 
■very low quality    劣质的；低劣的；毫无价值的
a rubbishy film   粗制滥造的电影



★☆☆   rubble
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the piles of broken stone and bricks, etc. that are left when a building falls down or is destroyed 
  （房屋倒塌或被毁后留下的）瓦砾堆，碎砖烂瓦，碎石
The bomb reduced the house to rubble.   炸弹把这座房屋炸成了一堆瓦砾。
■small pieces of stone or rock used for building 
  （建筑用的）石子，碎石，毛石



★☆☆   rub-down
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■an act of cleaning and smoothing something, or of drying a person or animal    擦净；磨平；磨光；擦干
a cold shower and a rub-down with a towel   冲个凉水澡然后用毛巾擦干身体



★☆☆   rubella
—————————————————
 specialized 
noun uncountable 
■German measles 



★☆☆   Rubicon
—————————————————
UK noun 
cross the Rubicon 
■to do something which you cannot later change and which will strongly influence future events    破釜沉舟；下重大决心；采取断然行动
Most EU states have crossed the Rubicon and adopted the euro.   大多数的欧盟国家已经采取断然措施启用欧元。



★☆☆   rubicund
—————————————————
UK US  literary 
adjective 
■having a red face    脸色红润的；容光焕发的



★☆☆   rubric
—————————————————
 formal 
noun countable 
■a set of instructions, etc., especially on an examination paper and usually printed in a different style or colour 
  （尤指印在试卷上、通常用不同字体或颜色的）指示，说明，提示
Read/Follow the rubric carefully.   仔细阅读／严格按照说明。



★☆☆   ruby
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a dark red precious stone    红宝石



★☆☆   ruby wedding (anniversary)
—————————————————
(US ^ruby anni_versary) 
noun countable 
■the date exactly forty years after someone's wedding    红宝石婚（某人结婚整整四十年的纪念日）



★☆☆   ruched
—————————————————
adjective 
■(of cloth) in tight elastic folds 
  （布料等）制成褶裥饰边的，有褶裥饰边的
elegant ruched curtains   有褶裥饰边的雅致窗帘
a ruched collar   有褶裥饰边的衣领



★☆☆   ruck
—————————————————
noun 
CROWD  一群  
the ruck 
■ordinary people or things, that you consider boring    普通人，庸众；寻常事
Carter's brilliant second novel lifted her out of the ruck (of average writers).   卡特的第二部小说非常出色，使她（从一般的平庸作家中）脱颖而出。
countable specialized 
■a group of players in rugby who are all together around the ball 
  （橄榄球比赛中）逼攻争球的一群队员noun 
FOLD  褶皱  
countable 
■a fold    褶；皱verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] ruck (sth) up 
■If material rucks up, it forms a lump (= mass) or folds, and if something rucks it up, it pushes the material into a lump or folds. 
  （使）变皱；（使）起皱；折叠
The blankets had rucked up around his feet.   地毯皱巴巴地在他的脚边拱了起来。




★☆☆   rucksack
—————————————————
['r&#x28C;k.s&#xE6;k/ (US usually backpack) 
noun countable 
■a large bag used to carry things on your back, used especially by walkers and climbers 
  （尤指徒步旅行或登山时背的）旅行包，背包
It's a frame rucksack with a belt and padded shoulder straps.   这是一款带有支架的背包，配有可束在腰间的带子，肩带衬了软垫。



★☆☆   ruckus
—————————————————
 mainly US informal 
noun countable usually singular 
■a noisy situation or argument; a rumpus    喧闹；骚乱；高声争吵



★☆☆   ructions
—————————————————
 mainly UK informal 
plural noun 
■a noisy argument or angry complaint    吵闹；争吵；愤怒的抗议
There'll be ructions if I'm not home by midnight.   我要是午夜之前到不了家，到时肯定会吵翻天。



★☆☆   rudder
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a flat piece of wood or metal at the back of a boat or aircraft, which is moved from side to side in order to control the direction of travel    舵；方向舵



★☆☆   rudderless
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■(of an organization) without anyone in control and therefore unable to take decisions 
  （组织）群龙无首的，无人领导的，无人管理的



★☆☆   ruddy
—————————————————
adjective 
■red    红色的，发红的；红润的
He was ruddy-cheeked from the walk in the cold.   大冷天他在外面走，脸冻得红红的。
Her face was ruddy and healthy-looking.   她脸色红润，看上去很健康。adjective [before noun] adverb UK old-fashioned informal 
■used to avoid saying bloody to express anger 
  （用于代替 bloody，表示气愤或恼怒）可恶的，讨厌的，该死的
"Ruddy hell!"   “该死的！”



★☆☆   rude
—————————————————
adjective 
NOT POLITE  不礼貌的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■not polite; offensive or embarrassing    不礼貌的；粗鲁的，粗野的；讨厌的
He's a very rude man.   他这人很粗鲁。
It 's rude not to say "Thank you" when you are given something.   别人给你东西，你不说“谢谢”是不礼貌的。
He's got no manners - he's rude to everyone.   他这人很无礼——他对谁都很粗鲁。
 ESSENTIAL  
■relating to sex or going to the toilet    猥亵的；下流的；粗俗的
He told a rude joke /story.   他讲了个下流的笑话／故事。adjective 
SUDDEN  突然的  
[before noun] 
■sudden and unpleasant    突如其来的；突兀的；令人不知所措的；猛烈的
We had a rude awakening (= unpleasant shock) when we saw our phone bill.   看到我们的电话话费单时我们好像当头挨了一棒。adjective 
SIMPLE  简单的     old use or literary 
■simply and roughly made    简单的；简陋的；粗制的
We built a rude shelter from rocks on the beach.   我们用石块在海滩上垒了一个简易棚。



★☆☆   rudimentary
—————————————————
UK US formal 
adjective 
■basic    基本的；初步的；粗浅的
Her knowledge is still only rudimentary.   她仍然只是粗通皮毛。
■describes methods, equipment, systems, etc. that are simple and not very well developed    原始的；简陋的；未充分发展的
specialized Some unusual fish have rudimentary legs.   有些罕见的鱼类长有未发育完全的腿。



★☆☆   rue
—————————————————
 (rueing or ruing, rued, rued)    old use or literary 
verb transitive 
■to feel sorry about an event and wish it had not happened    对…感到懊悔；对…感到后悔；因为…感到遗憾 (rueing or ruing, rued, rued)    old use or literary 
verb transitive 
rue the day 
■to feel very sorry about an event    追悔莫及
She'll rue the day (that)she bought that house.   她买了那座房子，以后会追悔莫及的。



★☆☆   rueful
—————————————————
 literary 
adjective 
■feeling sorry and wishing that something had not happened    懊悔的；后悔的；悔恨的
He turned away with a rueful laugh.   他懊悔地苦笑着把脸转向一旁。



★☆☆   ruff
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a large stiff white collar with many folds, worn in Europe in the 16th and 17th centuries, or a circle of hair or feathers growing round the neck of a bird or animal 
  （16及17世纪欧洲人衣服上的）轮状皱领；（野兽或鸟的）翎颌



★☆☆   ruffian
—————————————————
 old-fashioned or humorous 
noun countable 
■a violent, wild and unpleasant person, usually a man    流氓，暴徒，恶棍（通常指男性）



★☆☆   ruffle
—————————————————
verb 
transitive 
■to touch or move something smooth so that it is not even    弄乱；弄皱；使不平整
She affectionately ruffled his hair with her hand as she passed.   她从他身边走过时，亲昵地伸手拂乱了他的头发。
The birds ruffled their feathers (up) in alarm.   鸟惊恐地竖起了羽毛。
transitive often passive 
■to annoy or upset someone, or to make them very nervous    使生气；使心烦意乱；使紧张
He's easily ruffled by criticism.   他受到一点批评都会恼羞成怒。verb 
ruffle sb's feathers 
■to upset or annoy someone    使（某人）心烦意乱；使（某人）生气；使（某人）恼怒
She knows how to ruffle his feathers.   她知道怎样去惹他发火。noun countable 
■a series of small folds made in a piece of cloth or sewn onto it, as decoration    褶裥饰边



★☆☆   rug
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a piece of thick heavy cloth smaller than a carpet, used for covering the floor or for decoration    小地毯；垫子
My dog loves lying on the rug in front of the fire.   我的狗喜欢趴在炉火前的小地毯上。
■a soft cover that keeps you warm or comfortable    厚毯子，毛毯
slang for    * toupée 



★☆☆   rugby
—————————————————
 (formal rugby football) 
noun uncountable 
 IMPROVER  
■a sport where two teams try to score points by carrying an oval ball across a particular line or kicking it over and between an H-shaped set of posts    英式橄榄球



★☆☆   Rugby League 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a form of rugby with 13 players in each team 
  （每队13人的）联盟制橄榄球



★☆☆   Rugby Union 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a form of rugby with 15 players in each team 
  （每队15人的）业余英式橄榄球



★☆☆   rugged
—————————————————
adjective 
NOT EVEN  不平的  
■(of land) wild and not even; not easy to travel over 
  （土地）荒芜崎岖的；崎岖难行的
rugged landscape/terrain/hills/cliffs   崎岖的地貌／高低不平的地形／陡峭的山丘／嶙峋突兀的悬崖adjective 
STRONG  结实的  
■strong and simple; not delicate    坚固的；耐用的；结实的；简单皮实的
Jeeps are rugged vehicles, designed for rough conditions.   吉普车是种很皮实的车，专为崎岖难行的路况而设计的。
■describes a man's face that is strongly and attractively formed    相貌粗犷的；强壮英俊的
She fell for his rugged good looks.   她为他英俊粗犷的相貌所倾倒。



★☆☆   rugger
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable    UK informal for 
■rugby 



★☆☆   ruin
—————————————————
verb transitive 
 IMPROVER  
■to spoil or destroy severely or completely 
  （完全）毁掉，毁坏；破坏；糟踏
Huge modern hotels have ruined this once unspoilt coastline.   庞然大物般的现代旅馆已经完全毁掉了这片曾经如世外桃源般的海岸。
Her injury ruined her chances of winning the race.   她受了伤，毁掉了赢得比赛的机会。
■to cause a person or company to lose all their money or their reputation    使破产；使身败名裂；毁灭
Cheap imported goods are ruining many businesses.   廉价的进口商品使众多公司正走向破产。
If there's a scandal I'll be ruined!   如果出了丑闻，我就会身败名裂！noun 
uncountable 
■when something is spoilt or destroyed    毁掉，毁坏，破坏
The car accident meant the ruin of all her hopes.   这场撞车事故使她的一切希望都彻底破灭了。
They let the palace fall into ruin.   他们听任那座宫殿沦为一片废墟。
uncountable 
■when a person or company loses all their money or their reputation    破产；身败名裂；毁灭
Many companies are on the edge/brink/verge of ruin.   很多公司濒临破产。
Alcohol was my ruin (= the thing that spoiled my life)   酒毁掉了我的一生。
countable 
■the broken parts that are left from an old building or town    废墟；残垣断壁；倒塌的建筑物
We visited a Roman ruin.   我们游览了一处古罗马遗址。
the ruins of the ancient city of Carthage   迦太基古城遗址
be/lie in ruins 
■(of a building or city) to be extremely badly damaged so that most of it has fallen down 
  （建筑物或城市）沦为一片废墟，成为一片残垣断壁
The town lay in ruins after years of bombing.   数年的轰炸已把这座城镇变成一片废墟。
■to be in an extremely bad state    完全毁坏；严重受损；垮掉
The economy was in ruins after the war.   战后经济完全陷于崩溃之中。



★☆☆   ruination
—————————————————
 old-fashioned 
noun uncountable 
■destruction    毁灭，毁坏，崩溃
Alcohol was the ruination of him.   酗酒毁了他。



★☆☆   ruined
—————————————————
adjective 
■destroyed or spoilt    毁掉了的，毁灭了的，被破坏的
an ancient ruined castle   破败不堪的古城堡



★☆☆   ruinous
—————————————————
adjective formal 
■causing great harm and destruction    毁灭性的，破坏性的，灾难性的
ten ruinous years of terrorism   笼罩在恐怖主义阴影下的灾难性的十年



★☆☆   rule
—————————————————
noun 
INSTRUCTION  指导  
 ESSENTIAL  countable usually plural 
■an accepted principle or instruction that states the way things are or should be done, and tells you what you are allowed or are not allowed to do    规则；法则；规章；条例
A referee must know all the rules of the game.   裁判一定要通晓比赛的所有规则。
The first/most important rule in life is always to appear confident.   人生的首要法则就是永远要表现得自信。
Before you start your own business you should be familiar with the government's rules and regulations.   在创立自己的公司之前，你应该了解政府的有关条例和规定。
You must follow/obey/observe the rules.   你一定要遵守规则。
You must not break the rules.   你千万不可违反规则。
In special cases the manager will bend/stretch the rules (= allow the rules to be broken).   在特殊情况下，经理会对这些规定进行变通。
You can trust Ruth because she always plays (it) by/goes by/does things by the rules (= follows instructions, standards, or rules).   你可以信任露丝，她做事一贯遵守规矩。
[+ to infinitive] It's against the rules (of/in boxing) to hit below the belt.   击打腰带以下的部位是违反（拳击比赛）规则的。
[+ that] It's a club rule that new members must sing a song.   新成员一定要唱一首歌，这是俱乐部的规定。noun 
CONTROL  控制  
 ADVANCED  uncountable 
■when a particular person or group is in control of a country    统治（期）；管辖（期）
The period of Fascist rule is one people try to forget.   那段法西斯统治的历史时期是人们想要努力忘却的。
We don't want one-party rule - we want rule by the people.   我们不想要一党专政－－我们想要的是民治。
⇨ See also misrulenoun 
as a (general) rule 
■usually    通常；一般说来
As a general rule, I only read detective novels.   通常我只看侦探小说。noun 
make it a rule 
■to act according to a principle    按规矩；按照习惯，遵循常规
I make it a rule not to eat fatty foods.   我不吃油腻的食物，这是我的习惯。noun 
the rule 
■the usual situation    普遍情况；惯常的事，通常发生的事
In England, it often seems that rain is the rule all the year round.   在英格兰，人们常感觉好像一年到头总在下雨。noun 
rule of thumb 
■a practical and approximate way of doing or measuring something    实用的估测方法；经验之谈；经验法则
A good rule of thumb is that a portion of rice is two and a half handfuls.   做米饭时放多少米有个方便实用的估算方法，即两把半生米便是够一人吃的量。noun 
Rules are made to be broken. saying 
■used to say that it is good and acceptable to not obey a rule 
  （用于表示违反一项规则合情合理）制定规则是为了被打破的。verb 
CONTROL  控制  
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■to control, or to be the person in charge of a country    控制；统治；治理
Most modern kings and queens rule (their countries) only in a formal way, without real power.   现代的大多数国王或女王（对他们的国家）的统治都只是形式上的，并不握有实权。
She rules her household with an iron hand/fist (= severely).   她在家里攥着大权，持家很严。
intransitive or transitive 
■to be the most important and controlling influence on someone    支配，操控，控制
Love ruled supreme in her heart.   她的心已被爱所俘虏。
The desperate desire to go to Moscow ruled their lives.   要去莫斯科的强烈愿望支配了他们的生活。verb 
DECIDE  决定  
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■to decide officially    裁决，裁定；判定；决定
Only the Appeal Court can rule on this point.   只有上诉法院才可以就这一问题作出判决。
The judge ruled for/in favour of/against the defendant.   法官作出了有利于／不利于被告的判决。
[+ that] The government has ruled that the refugees must be deported.   政府已经作出决定，难民必须被驱逐出境。
[+ obj + noun/adj] The courts have ruled his brave action illegal.   法院裁决他的勇敢行为不合法。
⇨ See also overruleverb 
DRAW  画  
transitive 
■to draw a straight line using something that has a straight edge 
  （借助有直边的东西）画（线）
She ruled two red lines under the title.   她在标题下面画了两条红线。verb 
be ruled by sb formal 
■to take the advice of someone    听从（某人）的忠告；采纳（某人）的建议
If you're wise you'll be ruled by your father.   你要是明智的话，就该听从你父亲的建议。verb 
rule OK UK slang 
■is the best    是最棒的；必胜；无敌
The graffiti on the wall said 'Liverpool rules OK'.   满墙都是“利物浦队必胜”的涂鸦文字。verb 
rule the roost 
■to be the person who makes all the decisions in a group    当家作主；主宰；支配一切
In that family it is the grandma who rules the roost.   在那个家庭中是奶奶当家。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] rule sth or sb out 
 IMPROVER  
■to decide or state that something is impossible or will not happen, or that something or someone is not suitable    把…排除在外；拒绝考虑
The police haven't yet ruled out murder.   员警尚未排除谋杀的可能性。
I won't rule out a June election.   我不排除六月份进行选举的可能性。
The police have not ruled him out as a suspect.   员警尚未排除他作案的嫌疑。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] rule sth out 
■to prevent something from happening    使…成为不可能，使…不可能发生；防止
This recent wave of terrorism has ruled out any chance of peace talks.   最近的这一波恐怖行动已经使得任何和谈的机会都化为泡影。




★☆☆   rule book 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a book containing the official rules for an organization or activity    规则手册，规章手册



★☆☆   ruler
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
CONTROL  恐怖统治（时期）  
■the leader of a country    统治者
The country was without a ruler after the queen died.   女王死后，这个国家陷入了无人统治的状态。UK noun countable 
FOR DRAWING  绘图用的      (old-fashioned or formal rule) 
■a long, narrow, flat piece of plastic, metal or wood with straight edges where centimetres or inches , or both are printed. It is used for measuring things and for drawing straight lines.    直尺；尺子



★☆☆   ruling
—————————————————
noun countable 
 IMPROVER  
■a decision    裁决；裁定；判定；决定
[+ that] The court has made a final ruling on the case that the companies acted illegally.   法庭对此案作出终审判决，判涉案公司违法经营。adjective [before noun] 
 IMPROVER  
■being in control and making all the decisions    统治的，支配的；占统治地位的
The Communists are the ruling party at the moment.   当前共产党是执政党。adjective [before noun] 
ruling passion 
■most important interest    最大的乐趣
His ruling passion is music.   他最大的乐趣是音乐。



★☆☆   rum
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a strong alcoholic drink made from the juice of the sugar cane plant    朗姆酒
I'll have a (glass of) rum.   我要一杯朗姆酒。adjective (rummer, rummest)    UK old-fashioned 
■strange; peculiar    古怪的；离奇的
She's a rum girl/lass/one.   她是个古怪的女孩／小姑娘／人。adjective (rummer, rummest)    UK old-fashioned 
a rum do UK old-fashioned 
■a strange occasion    奇事



★☆☆   rumba
—————————————————
(also rhumba) ['r&#x28C;m.b&#x259;]
noun countable 
■a type of dancing, originally from Cuba, or the music for this 
  （源于古巴的）伦巴舞（曲）



★☆☆   rumble
—————————————————
verb 
SOUND  声音  
intransitive 
■to make a continuous low sound    发出隆隆声；发出辘辘声；发出低沉连续的响声
Please excuse my stomach rumbling - I haven't eaten all day.   不好意思，我肚子在咕咕叫——我一整天都没吃东西了。
The tanks rumbled (= moved slowly, making a continuous noise) across the battlefield.   坦克轰鸣着驶过战场。verb 
DISCOVER  发现  
transitive usually passive UK informal 
■to discover the true facts about someone or something secret and often illegal    发现，察觉，看穿（某人的秘密或非法事情的真相）
I'm afraid our little tax dodge has been rumbled.   恐怕我们逃税的小把戏被识破了。verb 
FIGHT  打架  
intransitive Australian informal 
■to take part in a physical fight    打架；打群架



★☆☆   rumble strip 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■one of a set of raised strips on a road that makes a low sound when vehicles drive over it to warn drivers to slow down or change direction because they are getting close to something    停车振动带（道路上一组升高的狭带之一，当汽车驶过时发出低声，警告司机减速或改变方向，因为他们接近某物了）



★☆☆   rumbling
—————————————————
noun 
countable usually plural 
■a sign of anger or disagreement    不满情绪；不满的迹象
There are rumblings of annoyance throughout the workforce.   员工们普遍流露出怨愤情绪。
countable usually singular 
■a continuous low sound    发出隆隆声；发出辘辘声；发出低沉连续的响声
the rumbling of distant guns/thunder   远处隆隆的炮声／雷声



★☆☆   ruminant
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■a type of animal which brings up food from its stomach and chews it again, for example a cow, sheep, or deer 
  （尤指牛、羊和鹿等动物）反刍，倒嚼



★☆☆   ruminate
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
THINK  想     formal 
■to think carefully and for a long period about something    沉思，长时间思考；反复思考
She ruminated for weeks about whether to tell him or not.   几个星期她一直在反复考虑是否要告诉他真相。verb intransitive 
EAT  吃     specialized 
■(of particular types of animal) to bring up food from the stomach and chew it again 
  （动物）反刍，倒嚼



★☆☆   ruminative
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
adjective 
■thinking carefully and for a long period    沉思默想的，苦思冥想的，反复思考的



★☆☆   rummage
—————————————————
verb intransitive + adverb or preposition 
■to search for something by moving things around carelessly and looking into, under and behind them    翻找，翻寻，乱翻
She rummaged in/through all the drawers, looking for a pen.   她把所有抽屉都翻了个遍，想找支笔。



★☆☆   rummage sale 
—————————————————
noun countable    US for 
■jumble sale 



★☆☆   rummy
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■any of various card games in which two or more players try to collect cards which have the same value or whose numbers follow an ordered series    拉米纸牌游戏



★☆☆   rumour
—————————————————
UK (ALSO US rumor) UK noun countable or uncountable 
 IMPROVER  
■an unofficial interesting story or piece of news that might be true or invented, which quickly spreads from person to person    流言；谣传；传闻
Rumours are going round (the school) about Mr Mason and his assistant.   有关梅森先生和他助手的流言蜚语（在学校里）满天飞。
[+ that] She's circulating/spreading rumours that the manager is going to resign.   她到处散播谣言，说经理要辞职了。
I heard a rumour that she'd been seeing Luke Harrison.   我听到有传言说她一直跟卢克．哈里森在一起。
rumour has it 
■people are saying    大家都说，据谣传说，有传言说
Rumour has it (that) you're going to be the next managing director. Is it true?   大家都说你将成为下一任总经理，这是不是真的？



★☆☆   rumoured
—————————————————
UK (ALSO US rumored) UK adjective 
■describes a fact that people are talking about, which might be true or invented    传闻的；谣传的
The rumoured stock market crash has yet to take place.   谣传说股票市场将要崩溃，可到现在为止并没有出现这一情况。
[+ to infinitive] The president is rumoured to be seriously ill.   传言说，总统现在病重。



★☆☆   rumour-monger
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who spreads rumours    散布谣言的人，造谣的人



★☆☆   rump
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the back end of an animal 
  （动物的）臀部
■humorous 
■a person's bottom 
  （人的）臀部，屁股蛋子
■those few members of a group or organization who stay after the others have left or been forced out    残余分子；残余组织



★☆☆   rumple
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to make something become creased (= not smooth) or untidy    弄皱；弄乱；使凌乱
You'll rumple your jacket if you don't hang it up properly.   你要是不把你的外套挂好，它就会起皱的。



★☆☆   rumpus
—————————————————
 informal 
noun only singular 
■a lot of noise, especially a loud and confused argument or complaint    喧闹，闹轰轰；（尤指混乱的）争吵，抱怨
There was a real rumpus going on in the house next door last night.   昨天夜里隔壁一家吵得不可开交。 informal 
noun only singular 
raise a rumpus (UK also kick up a rumpus) 
■to make a forceful complaint    抗议；抱怨；投诉
You should raise a rumpus about the lack of safety routines here.   这里连常规的安全措施都没有，你应该对此提出抗议。



★☆☆   rumpus room
—————————————————
US 
noun countable usually singular 
■a room in a house intended for games and entertainment 
  （家庭的）聚会室，娱乐室



★☆☆   run
—————————————————
verb (running, ran, run)
GO QUICKLY  快走  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■(of people and some animals) to move along, faster than walking, by taking quick steps in which each foot is lifted before the next foot touches the ground    跑，奔跑
[+ to infinitive] The children had to run to keep up with their father.   孩子们得一路跑着才能跟上他们的父亲。
I can run a mile in 5 minutes.   我可以在五分钟里跑一英里。
The sheep ran away/off in fright.   羊受惊跑掉了。
A little girl ran up to (= came quickly beside) me, crying for her daddy.   一个小女孩跑到我身边，哭着让我替她找爸爸。
Are you running against each other or against the clock?   你们打算怎么跑？是看谁先后，还是用表计时？
The first two races will be run (off) (= will happen) in 20 minutes.   头两个赛跑项目将在20分钟后举行。
transitive 
■If you run an animal in a race, you cause it to take part    使（狗、马等）参加比赛；赛（狗、马等）
Thompson Stables are running three horses in the next race.   汤普森赛马训练公司将派出三匹马参加下一场比赛。
intransitive + adverb or preposition 
■to go quickly or in a hurry    赶快；迅速赶往；匆忙跑（到某地方）
Would you run round to the post office and get me some stamps?   你能不能赶快到邮局给我买一些邮票来？
You don't put on weight when you spend all day running round after small children.   你整天不歇脚地跟在小孩们后面转是胖不起来的。
run for sth 
■to run fast in order to get or avoid something    奔跑追赶；赶抢；快跑躲避
I ran for the bus but it drove off.   我跑着去赶公车，但是车却开走了。
run on the spot 
■to move your legs as if running, while you stay in one place    原地踏步跑
I run on the spot to warm up before I play football.   我在踢足球前原地踏步跑做准备活动。verb (running, ran, run)
TRAVEL  行进  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive [usually + adv/prep] 
■to (cause to) travel, move or continue in a particular way 
  （使）行进，（使）行驶，（使）移动；（使）持续
Trains are still running, despite the snow.   尽管下了雪，列车仍在运行。
A bus runs (= goes on a particular route at particular times) three times a day into town.   有一趟公共汽车每天三次开往城里。
Skis are waxed on the bottom so that they run smoothly over the snow.   滑雪板底部打了蜡，这样就能在雪上滑得顺畅自如。
The route/railway/road runs (= goes) across the border/ into Italy/ through the mountains.   这条路线／铁道／公路穿过国界／通向义大利境内／在群山中穿行。
A climbing rose bush runs (= grows) around the front door.   一丛攀缘蔷薇盘绕在前门上。
There's a beautiful cornice running around/round all the ceilings.   所有的天花板四周都装饰着漂亮的檐口。
The film runs (= lasts) for two hours.   这出电影长两个小时。
The show/course/film runs (= continues) for another week.   演出／课程／电影播放再延续一周。
A magazine subscription usually only runs (= can be used) for one year.   杂志订阅期限通常只能是一年。
Buses are running an hour late , because of an earlier accident.   因为先前的一宗车祸，公共汽车的运行晚点一小时。
The truck's brakes failed and it ran (= went) off the road.   卡车刹车失灵，冲出了马路。
Trains run on rails (= move along on top of them).   火车在铁轨上行驶。
Electricity is running through (= moving along within) this cable.   电流正通过这条电缆。
An angry muttering ran through (= went through) the crowd.   人群中传出一阵低沉而愤怒的抱怨声。
A shiver of fear ran through his (body).   一阵恐惧的战栗传遍他全身。
She ran her finger along/down the page/list, looking for her name.   她用手指一行行划过那张纸／名单寻找自己的名字。
Could you run the tape/film/video back/forwards , please?   你可以把磁带／电影／录影带倒回去／向前快进一下吗？
Could you possibly run me (= take me in your car) home/to the station?   你能否开车把我送回家／到车站？
He ran (= pushed) his fingers through his hair and looked up at me.   他用手梳拢了一下头发，抬头看我。verb (running, ran, run)
OPERATE  运转  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to (cause to) operate 
  （使）运转；（使）运作；（使）运行；操作
Keep clear of the machines while they're running.   机器运转时不要靠近。
The government took desperate measures to keep the economy running.   政府采取孤注一掷的措施来维持经济的运行。
Do you know how to run this sort of machinery?   你会操作这种机器吗？
The mechanic asked me to run (= switch on and allow to work) the engine for a minute.   修车工人让我发动引擎转一分钟。
They had the new computer system up and running (= working) within an hour.   他们一小时之内就使新的电脑系统运行起来了。
We've run the computer program, but nothing happens.   我们已经运行了这个电脑程式，但是没有起作用。
We're running (= doing) an experiment.   我们正在做一个试验。
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to be in control of    经营；管理；开办
He's been running a restaurant/his own company since he left school.   他毕业后就一直在经营自己的饭店／公司。
The local college runs (= provides) a course in self-defence.   当地的一所大学开了一门自我防卫课。
a well-run/badly-run organization/business/course   管理良好／不善的组织；经营良好／很差的公司；设置得很好／差的课程
 run a tight ship 
■to control a business or other organization firmly and effectively    牢牢控制，有效地严格管理
Ruth runs a tight ship and has no time for shirkers.   露丝执行有效的严格管理，员工没有办法开小差。
transitive 
■If you run a car, you own one, drive it and pay for the costs    拥有（自己的车）；养（车）
I can't afford to run a car.   我养不起车。
transitive 
■to organize the way you live or work    安排（生活或工作）
Some people run their lives according to the movements of the stars.   一些人按照星体的运行规律来安排自己的生活。verb (running, ran, run)
FLOW  流动  
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■to (cause to) flow, produce liquid, or (especially of colours in clothes) to come out or spread 
  （使）流动；（使）流出；（使）排出；（尤指衣服的颜色）褪色，扩散，渗色
I can feel trickles of sweat running down my neck.   我可以感觉到津津汗水顺着脖子往下流淌。
Don't cry, or your make-up will run (= become liquid and move down your face).   别哭了，要不然化的妆就要花了。
The walls were running with damp.   墙受潮出现了斑斑渍迹。
The river runs (down) to/into the sea.   这条河流入大海。
The hot tap is running cold (= producing cold water) !   热水龙头竟然流出了冷水！
I turned the tap on and ran some cold water on the burn.   我打开水龙头用凉水冲被烫伤的地方。
[+ two objects] I'll run you a hot bath (= fill a bath with water for you).   我去给你放洗澡水。
My nose and eyes have been running all week because of hay fever.   我得了枯草热，一星期都在流鼻涕淌眼泪。
I must have washed my dress at too high a temperature, because the colour has run.   我洗这件裙子时用的水肯定太热了，因为都褪色了。
If the first layer isn't dry before you add the next one, the colours will run into each other (= mix).   如果第一层没有干就涂上第二层，那两层的颜色就会渗在一起。
figurative After 12 hours at her word processor, the words began to run into one another (= seem mixed together).   她在文字处理机前工作了12小时后，看萤幕上的字都觉得模糊一片了。verb (running, ran, run)
BECOME  变成  
 ADVANCED  [L only + adj] 
■to be or become    变得；变成；成为
Differences between the two sides run deep (= are serious).   双方的分歧加剧了。
The river/reservoir/well ran dry (= its supply of water finished).   河水／水库／水井干涸了。
Supplies are running low (= there's not much left).   储备所剩无几了。
We're beginning to run short of money/Money is beginning to run short (= there's not much left).   我们的钱快花完了／钱快花完了。verb (running, ran, run)
HOLE  洞  
intransitive 
■if tights (= thin clothing that covers the legs) run, a long, thin hole appears in them 
  （连裤袜或长筒袜上的）脱线，抽丝
Oh no, my tights have run!   哎呀，糟了，我的连裤袜抽丝了！verb (running, ran, run)
SHOW  展示  
transitive 
■to show something in a newspaper or magazine, on television, etc    发表，刊登；播出
All the newspapers ran (= printed) stories about the new peace talks.   所有报纸都刊登了新和谈的消息。
Channel 4 is running a series on the unfairness of the legal system.   第四频道正在播出揭露法律体体不公正之处的系列节目。verb (running, ran, run)
POLITICS  政治  
intransitive 
■to compete as a candidate in an election    参加竞选
Mrs Thatcher wanted to run a fourth time.   柴契尔夫人想要第四次参加竞选。
He's going to run against Smith/ for President/ for re-election.   他将要和史密斯进行竞选／竞选总统／竞选连任。verb (running, ran, run)
TAKE  带走  
transitive 
■to take guns or drugs illegally from one place to another    走私，非法携带（枪支或毒品）
He was arrested for running drugs across the border into America.   他因为越境向美国走私毒品而被捕。verb (running, ran, run)
be running on empty informal 
■to continue to work and be active when you have no energy left    勉强支撑（虽筋疲力竭仍打起精神继续工作并保持活跃）
I get the impression he's been running on empty for months now. A holiday will do him good.   我的印象是他如今有好几个月都是在勉强支撑。放假对他会有好处的。    US Australian 
■If a person or an organization is running on empty, they have no new ideas or are not as effective as they were before    空转（如果某人或组织在空转，则他们没有新构思，或效率已不如前）
The fund-raising campaign was running on empty after ten years under the same leader.   在同一个人的领导下，这项资金筹集运动十年后只是在空转。§/r&#x28C;n/


run 1	 verb (running, ran, run)
run aground/ashore (also run onto the rocks) 
■If a ship or boat runs aground/ashore, it hits the coast, sometimes becoming stuck there. 
  （船）搁浅verb (running, ran, run)
run a mile UK informal 
■to be extremely unwilling to be involved    极不情愿；赶快躲避
He'd run a mile if I asked him to marry me.   我要是提出和他结婚，他就会躲得远远的。verb (running, ran, run)
run and run 
■to be performed successfully for a long period of time    久演不衰
This show will run and run.   这个演出会一直火下去。verb (running, ran, run)
run sb close 
■to be nearly as good, fast, etc. as someone else    几乎赶上（某人）；几乎和（某人）平分秋色
She got 90%, but Fred ran her close with 87%.   她得到90分，而弗雷德紧追其后，得了87分。verb (running, ran, run)
run errands 
■to go out to buy or do something    跑腿；出门办事
After school he runs errands for his father.   放学后他替父亲跑跑腿办些事情。verb (running, ran, run)
run high 
■If feelings are running high, people are angry or excited.    激愤；情绪激动（或高涨）verb (running, ran, run)
run in the family 
■If a quality, ability, disease, etc. runs in the family, many members of the family have it    家族遗传，世代相传
Intelligence seems to run in that family.   那一家人都很聪明，好像是遗传的。
We're all ambitious - it seems to run in the family.   我们一家人都很有抱负——好像是遗传。verb (running, ran, run)
run in/through your head/mind 
■If something is running in/through your head/mind, you cannot stop thinking about it or singing it silently 
  （想法、曲调等）萦绕于脑际，在脑海中盘旋不去
I've had that tune running in my head all day.   那个曲调一整天都萦绕在我的脑际。verb (running, ran, run)
run its course 
■to develop and finish naturally    自然发展；持续到自然结束
The doctor's advice is to let the fever run its course.   医生建议不要吃药，让高烧自然退下去。
I had to accept that the relationship had run its course.   这段关系已经结束，我不得不接受这个现实。verb (running, ran, run)
 run your eye over sth 
■to look quickly at the whole of something    迅速浏览一遍；匆匆看完；从头到尾扫视
Can I have a copy of the article to run my eye over, before it's printed?   在文章付印之前，可否给我一份样稿让我扫一遍？verb (running, ran, run)
run yourself into the ground informal 
■to make yourself very tired by working too much    拼命工作，累得筋疲力尽，把自己累垮
We ran ourselves into the ground to meet the July deadline.   为了在七月份的最后期限前完成任务，我们拼命工作。verb (running, ran, run)
be running a fever 
■to be hotter than you should be because you are ill    发烧，发热verb (running, ran, run)
be running at sth 
■to be at the rate of something    保持在特定水准；达到…比率
Inflation is running at 10%.   通货膨胀率达10%。verb (running, ran, run)
running with blood 
■describes a place where a lot of fighting is happening and many people are being hurt or killed    血流成河
During the revolution the streets were running with blood.   革命期间，街道上血流成河。verb (running, ran, run)
 run sb out of town (on a rail) US informal 
■to force someone to leave a town    把某人逐出市镇
The sheriff and his men ran the horse thieves out of town.   郡长和他的下属把那些偷马贼赶出镇外。verb (running, ran, run)
run sb ragged informal 
■If you run someone ragged, you tire them out, usually by giving them too much work or work that is too demanding 
  （通常透过给某人沉重或艰巨的工作）使（某人）筋疲力尽，压得（某人）透不过气来
The kids have run me ragged this week - I'm glad they're going back to school tomorrow.   这一星期孩子们可把我累坏了——他们明天就要回学校上学了，我真开心。verb (running, ran, run)
run round in circles UK informal 
■to be very active but with few results    做无用功，徒劳无功；在原地兜圈子
Peter's been running round in circles since half his department resigned.   彼得的部门中一半人都辞职了，自那以来，他虽然忙忙碌碌，但却是徒劳无功。verb (running, ran, run)
run the show informal 
■to be the leader, who is in control of a group of people doing something    做一把手；主管一切；当头
If you need help, ask Mark - he's running the show.   如果你需要帮助，跟马克说一声——他是这里的头儿。verb (running, ran, run)
run through your mind/head 
■to suddenly think of something    突然想到；（想法）突然闪过，闪进脑中
It ran through my mind that I was being tricked by Charlie.   一个想法突然闪进我的脑中：我被查理骗了。verb (running, ran, run)
run sb/sth to ground (UK also run sb/sth to earth) 
■to find someone or something after a lot of searching and problems    经过艰难调查而发现；经过艰苦努力而搜寻到
Detectives finally ran the terrorists to ground in an apartment building in Chicago.   侦探们历尽艰辛终于在芝加哥的一座公寓楼内挖出了恐怖分子。verb (running, ran, run)
run wild disapproving 
■If someone, especially a child runs wild, they behave as they want to and no one controls them. 
  （尤指孩子）放肆，撒野，肆意胡闹verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run across sb informal 
■to meet someone you know when you are not expecting to    偶然遇到（某人），偶然撞见（某人）
I ran across several old friends when I went back to my hometown.   我回老家时和几个老朋友不期而遇。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run across sth informal 
■to experience a problem when you are not expecting to    遇到（未曾预料的问题）；陷入（预想不到的麻烦）
We've run across a slight problem with the instruction manual.   说明书上有一个地方我们看不大明白。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run after sb/sth 
■to chase someone or something that is moving away from you    追逐…；追赶…
Why do dogs run after cats?   为甚么狗看见猫就追？
She ran after me to hand me some papers I'd dropped.   她在后面追我，要把我掉的一些文件交给我。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run after sth 
■to try very hard to get or achieve something    对…孜孜以求；努力追求
She has spent her life running after fame and fortune.   她一辈子都在追逐名利。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run after sb informal disapproving 
■to try to start a sexual relationship with someone    勾引（某人）；（为寻欢而）追求（某人）
He's always running after women.   他老是要拈花惹草。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run against sb/sth 
■to oppose or have an effect that is not helpful towards someone or something    反对…；违反…；不利于…
Luck is really running against you tonight!   你今晚可真背运！
Public opinion is currently running against fox hunting.   近来公众反对猎杀狐狸的呼声很高。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   Run along! old-fashioned 
■said to children to tell them to go away 
  （用于告诉孩子）走开！，一边去！
Run along now, children!   快走开，孩子们！verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run around 
■to be very busy doing a lot of different things    忙碌；奔忙
■1. I'm exhausted - I've been running around all morning.


run 2	 我累坏了——整个上午我一直在忙碌。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run around after sb informal 
■to do a lot of things for someone else, especially when they should be able to do more for themselves    围着（尤指自己不尽力做事的人）忙个不停
I seem to spend most of my time running around after those kids.   我大部分时间好像都在围着那些孩子们转。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run around with sb old-fashioned informal 
■to spend a lot of time with someone    与（某人）厮混；经常与（某人）混在一起
She's running around with Micky and his friends these days.   近来她老是跟米基还有他的那些朋友混在一起。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run away 
LEAVE  
■to leave a place or person secretly and suddenly    突然离开；逃离；逃走
He ran away from home when he was only 12.   他年仅12岁时就离家出走了。
Malcolm and my sister are planning to run away together to get married.   马尔科姆和我姐姐打算一起私奔到外地结婚。
AVOID  
■to avoid dealing with a problem or difficult situation    逃避；迴避；避免正视
She accused him of running away from his responsibilities.   她指责他逃避责任。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run away with sb 
RIDE  
■If an animal or machine that someone is riding runs away with them, they lose control of it and it carries them away 
  （马或汽车）速度过快使（骑马者、开车者）失去控制
Her horse ran away with her.   她骑的马失去控制，驮着她狂奔而去。
FEELING  
■If a feeling or idea runs away with you, you cannot control it and it makes you behave stupidly 
  （感情等）失去控制，使（某人）头脑失控，使（某人）糊涂行事
Sometimes my imagination runs away with me and I convince myself that they are having an affair.   有时候我会禁不住胡思乱想，认为他们有暧昧关系。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run away with sth informal 
■to win a competition or prize very easily    轻而易举地赢得；轻松取胜
She ran away with four first prizes.   她轻松地赢得四个第一名。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run sth by sb informal 
■to tell someone about something so that they can give their opinion about it    对（某人）说…（以听取对方意见）；向（某人）征求对…的看法；就…请教（某人）
Would you run your idea by me one more time?   你能不能再跟我说一遍你的想法？verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] run sb/sth down 
CRITICIZE     informal 
■to criticize someone or something, often unfairly 
  （常指不公正地）批评，诋毁，说…的坏话
He's always running himself down.   他老是贬低自己。
HIT  
■to hit and injure a person or animal with a vehicle, especially intentionally 
  （尤指故意地）把…撞倒（或撞伤）
Two masked men on motorbikes tried to run me down.   两个戴面罩的人骑着摩托车想要撞我。
FIND  
■to find someone or something after following or searching for them for a long time 
  （经过长时间跟踪或寻找而）发现，找到，搜索到
I finally ran Mr Green down in/to a house in the country.   我终于在乡下的一所房子里找到了格林先生。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] run (sth) down 
REDUCE     UK 
■to reduce a business or organization in size or importance, or to become reduced in this way    削减；（使）变萎缩；（使）衰减
They claim that the government is secretly running down the Youth Training Schemes.   他们声称政府正在暗地里缩减青年就业培训计划的规模。
LOSE POWER  
■If a machine or device such as a clock or battery runs down, it loses power, or if you run it down, you cause this to happen 
  （使）耗尽能量；（使）变弱；（使）停止运转
These batteries can be recharged when they run down.   这些电池电量用完时可以再充电。
You'll run the battery down if you leave your car lights on.   你要是让车灯开着，就会把电瓶里的电耗尽。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] run sth down specialized 
■If a large ship runs down a smaller one, it hits it. 
  （较大的船）撞，撞上，撞沈（较小的船）verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   [R] run yourself down 
■to make yourself tired and ill    累倒
Since he took that extra job, he's really run himself down.   自从他开始做那份额外工作，他就一直把自己累坏。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] run sth in UK (US break sth in) 
■If you run in a vehicle, you use it carefully and slowly for a short time when it is new, so that you do not damage its engine. 
  （小心缓慢地）试开（新车），使（新车引擎）试转verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] run sb in old-fashioned 
■If the police run someone in, they find them and take them to a police station. 
  （员警）逮捕（某人），拘留（某人），把（某人）关进监狱verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run (sth) into sth/sb 
■to drive a vehicle into an object or a person in another vehicle by accident    开车撞上…
I had to brake suddenly, and the car behind ran into me.   我不得不急踩刹车，后面的车就撞上了我的车。
He ran his motorbike into a tree.   他骑着摩托车撞在一棵树上。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run into sb 
■to meet someone you know when you are not expecting to    偶然遇到（某人）；无意碰见（某人）
Graham ran into someone he used to know at school the other day.   格雷厄姆前几天偶然遇到一个过去的校友。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run into sth 
EXPERIENCE PROBLEMS  
■If you run into problems, you begin to experience them    遭遇（困难）；遇到（麻烦）；陷入（困境）
We ran into bad weather/debt/trouble.   我们遇到了坏天气／背上了债务／遇到了麻烦。
REACH AN AMOUNT  
■to reach a particular cost or amount, as a total    共计，合计为；总共达到…之多
The repairs will probably run into thousands of pounds.   维修费可能会达数千英镑之多。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run off 
■to leave somewhere or someone suddenly    突然跑掉；迅速离开
You can't run off (home) now, just when I need you!   你不能现在丢下我（回家），我正需要你！
My wife has run off with another man.   我妻子跟另一个男人私奔了。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] run sth off 
■If you run off copies of something, you print them    复印；印出；复制
[+ two objects] Could you run me off five copies of this, please?   替我把这个复印五份好吗？
■to quickly and easily write something that is usually slow or difficult to write, such as a piece of poetry or music    下笔如神（快速地、容易地写出某些内容，这些内容通常写起来较慢且难，如一首诗或音乐）
Kate can run off a sonnet in half an hour on any subject you like.   只要你定好一个题材，凯特都能在半小时内信笔写成一首十四行诗。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run off with sth informal 
■to leave a place or person suddenly after having stolen something from them    偷了…逃走
He ran off with $10 000 of the company's money.   他偷了公司一万美元后逃之夭夭。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run on 
■If an event runs on, it continues for longer than expected 
  （超过预定时间）持续；拖延
The game/speech/discussion ran on for hours.   这场比赛／演讲／讨论持续了数小时。
■If time runs on, it seems to pass quickly 
  （时间）飞逝，流逝，过去
Time 's running on - let's get this job finished soon!   时间过得太快了——我们还是尽快把这工作做完吧！verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run on sth 
■If a machine runs on a particular type or supply of power, it uses that power to work    靠（某种动力）运转；以…为动力
Some calculators run on solar power.   一些计算机利用太阳能来工作。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run out 
 IMPROVER 


run 3	* to finish, use or sell all of something, so that there is none left 
用完；耗尽；卖光
I've run out of milk/money/ideas/patience.   我的奶喝完了／我的钱花光了／我黔驴技穷了／我失去耐心了。
"Have you got any milk?" "Sorry, I've run out."   “你有牛奶吗？”“对不起，我都喝完了。”
 IMPROVER  
■If a supply of something runs out, all of it has been used or it is completely finished    被耗尽；被用完
The milk has run out.   牛奶喝完了。
My patience is beginning to run out.   我开始不耐烦了。
■If a document or official agreement runs out, the period of time for which it lasts finishes 
  （证件或协定）到期，期满
My passport runs out next month - I must get it renewed.   我的护照下个月就到期了——我要去办理延期手续。
time is running out 
■used to say that there is not much time left in which to achieve something    时间越来越紧迫；（完成某事）剩下的时间不多了
Time is running out for the men trapped under the rubble.   对于被压力瓦砾之下的人们来说，每过一分钟，就是向死神靠近一步。
run out of steam 
■to suddenly lose the energy or interest to continue doing what you are doing    忽然失去动力；顿时泄气；突然没了兴趣
The peace talks seem to have run out of steam.   和谈好像突然失去了动力。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] run sb out 
■If you are run out in cricket, a player on the opposing team throws the ball at the wicket you are running towards and hits it before you can reach it, and your turn as batsman ends    将（正在跑动的击球员）截杀出局
Their best batsman was run out for (= having scored) 99.   他们最好的击球员在得了99分后被截杀出局。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run out on sb/sth 
■to leave someone you are having a relationship with or something you are responsible for, without warning and usually causing problems    遗弃；离弃；背弃
She ran out on him two months ago, leaving him to look after their two children.   她在两个月前突然离开了他，把两个孩子丢给他一个人照顾。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] run sb/sth over 
■If a vehicle or its driver runs over someone or something, the vehicle hits and drives over them 
  （车）碾过，轧过，撞倒并碾轧
I'm afraid we've just run a rabbit over.   恐怕我们刚才轧死了一只兔子。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run over 
■If liquid runs over, it flows over the edges of something, because there is too much of it    溢出
The water/The bath is running over - quick, turn the taps off.   水／洗澡水溢出来了——快，关掉水龙头。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run over (sth) 
■to continue after the expected finishing time    超过；超（时）
I'm afraid we're starting to run over time , so could you make your speeches short please.   恐怕我们要超时了，你可否将发言缩短？verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run over/through sth 
REPEAT  
■to quickly say or practise something    扼要陈述；匆匆练习；排演
I'll just run over what's been said so far, for latecomers who missed the first speakers.   为使后来才到的人了解前几个发言者所讲的内容，我将对已作的发言简要复述一下。
She quickly ran over her speech before going on-stage.   她在登台之前将演讲内容快速过了一遍。
The director wants to run through the whole play this morning.   导演想要在今天上午排演整部剧。
EXPLAIN  
■to examine a document or subject with someone in order to explain it or to get their help or their opinion on it 
  （为向某人解释或寻求帮助或意见而与其一起）查看，过目，探讨
I'd like to run over the main points of the article with you.   我想和你一起探讨一下这篇文章的要点。
I'm really struggling with this maths - could you run through it with me later?   这道数学题我怎么都做不出来——一会儿你能帮我看一下吗？verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run through sth 
EXAMINE  
■to look at, examine or deal with a set of things, especially quickly 
  （尤指快速）过目，浏览；检查；处理
We ran through the list, but none of the machines seemed any good.   我们浏览了一下商品目录，但那些机器好像都不太好。
I'd like to run through these points/questions with you, if that's okay, because you've made several mistakes.   如果可以的话，我想和你一起讨论一下这几个要点／问题，因为你出了几个错。
EXIST  
■If a quality runs through something, it is in all parts of it    贯穿；遍布
Melancholy runs through all her stories.   她的所有短篇小说中都弥漫着一种忧郁气息。
Racism runs right through society.   种族主义流毒遍布整个社会。
USE UP  
■to use up an amount of something quickly    挥霍掉；很快花完
It took him just a few months to run through all the money his father left him.   他在短短数月内就把他父亲留给他的钱挥霍一空。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run sb/sth through literary 
■to push a sword or similar pointed weapon right into a person or animal    刺穿；刺透
He drew his sword and ran the villain through.   他拔出剑来，一下子刺进了那个恶棍的胸膛。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run to sth 
SIZE  
■to reach a particular amount, level or size    达到
The new encyclopedia runs to several thousand pages.   新的百科全书厚达几千页。
MONEY  
■to have enough money to buy something or (of an income, etc.) to be enough to buy something    有钱做，买得起；（收入）足够供…之用
I can lend you £1000, but I can't run to more than that.   我可以借给你1000英镑，但是再多我就拿不出来了。
My salary won't run to foreign holidays.   靠我的工货可不够到外国去渡假。
ACTIVITY  
■If your taste or skill runs to something, that is the type of thing that you enjoy or can manage to do 
  （趣味）趋向于；（能力）足以做；有…的倾向
I doubt if his musical taste runs to opera.   我说不准他的音乐爱好是否包括欣赏歌剧。
I'm afraid my cooking skills don't run to fancy cakes and desserts.   恐怕凭我的烹调技艺还做不出花式糕点和甜点。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] run sth up 
DEBT  
■If you run up a debt, you do things which cause you to owe a large amount of money    积欠（帐款或债务）
She stayed two weeks at the hotel and ran up a bill which she couldn't pay.   她在宾馆住了两个星期，欠了宾馆一大笔帐。
MATERIAL  
■to quickly make something such as a piece of clothing from material    赶制（衣服）；仓促缝制；快速造成
[+ two objects] I can run you up some curtains in a few hours, if you want.   如果你想要，我可以为你赶制些窗帘，几个小时就好。
VALUE  
■to make the price or value of something increase    使（价格或价值）迅速增加（或升高）
Heavy buying ran the price of stocks up higher than expected.   大量的买进使得股票价格上涨到了一个出人意料的水准。
FLAG     UK 
■to raise a flag into the air on a pole or mast    升（旗）
They've run up a British flag on the roof.   他们在屋顶上升起了一面英国国旗。verb (running, ran, run)
  Phrasal Verbs   run up against sth 
■to experience an unexpected difficulty    遭遇（未料到的困难）
The community centre scheme has run up against strong local opposition.   建设社区中心的计划遭到当地居民的强烈反对。noun 
GO QUICKLY  快走  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■when you move on your feet at a speed faster than walking, especially for exercise    跑，奔跑；（尤指为了锻炼而进行的）跑步
We go for/do a three-mile run every evening after work.   我们每天傍晚下班后都会跑上三英里。
If you set off at a run (= running) , you'll be exhausted later.   如果你一开始就跑，过些时候你就会筋疲力尽的。noun 
TRAVEL  行进  
 ADVANCED  countable 
■a journey    行程，航程
The number of aircraft on the New York-Moscow run is being increased.   纽约—莫斯科之间的航线正在增加航班。
old-fashioned Let's go for a run (out) in the car somewhere.   让我们开车到（外面）甚么地方兜兜风吧。
The plane swooped in on its bombing run.   飞机猛然俯冲下来轰炸。
countable 
■the period during which a play is performed 
  （一出戏的）连续上演（期）
The musical's London run was a disaster.   该音乐剧在伦敦的演出彻底失败。
They're doing a run at the Donmar Warehouse.   他们正在多玛仓库剧院主行连续演出。noun 
BUY  买  
countable usually singular 
■when many people suddenly buy a particular product    抢购；争购
There's been a run on umbrellas because of all this rain.   就因为这场雨，大家都在抢购雨伞。noun 
SELL  卖  
countable usually singular 
■when many people suddenly sell a particular product    抛售
A sudden run on the dollar has lowered its value.   突然出现的抛售导致美元贬值。noun 
SERIES  连串的  
a run of sth 
■A run of something is a continuous period during which it lasts or is repeated    一连串
a run of successes/defeats/bad luck   一个又一个的成功／一连串的失败／厄运连连noun 
ORDINARY  普通的  
the general/usual run of sth 
■the usual type of something 
  （某物的）普通类型，一般货色   


run 4	1. Their food is the general run of hotel cooking.
 他们的饭菜是一般宾馆饭菜的水准。
noun 
AREA  地方  
countable 
■an area of ground of limited size for keeping animals    饲养场；牧场
a sheep/chicken/hen run   牧羊场／养鸡场noun 
POINT  分  
countable 
■in cricket and baseball, a single point, scored by running from one place to another 
  （板球或棒球中的）一分
England need 105 runs to win the game.   英格兰队需要得到105分才能赢得比赛。
a home run   本垒打noun 
HOLE  洞  
countable 
■a long vertical hole in tights and stockings 
  （连裤袜或长筒袜上的）脱线，抽丝
I've got a run in my tights from the nail on my chair.   我的连裤袜被椅子上的钉子刮了一下，抽丝了。noun 
ILLNESS  疾病  
the runs informal 
■a condition of the bowels in which the contents are passed out of the body too often and in a form which is too liquid; diarrhoea    拉肚子，腹泻，跑肚noun 
 give sb a run for their money 
■to not allow someone to win easily    不让（某人）轻易取胜；让（某人）竭尽全力才获胜
We're going to give the other candidate a run for her money.   我们不会让另外的那个候选人轻易获胜的。noun 
 have a good run for your money 
■to have a good enough time    过得愉快；过得有意义；没有虚度时光
I've achieved a lot in my life and I feel I've had a good run for my money.   我在一生中取得了很多成就，所以兜得没有虚度时光。noun 
 in the long run  IMPROVER  
■at a time that is far away in the future    从长远看；终究
It seems a lot of effort but I'm sure it's the best solution in the long run.   看起来需要付出很大的努力，但从长远来看，我敢肯定这是最好的解决办法。noun 
 in the short run 
■at a time that is near in the future    从短期看；不久
It's not a long term solution, but it will save money in the short run.   这并非解决问题的长远之计，但是从短期看，这很省钱。noun 
be on the run 
■to be trying to avoid being caught, especially by the police 
  （尤指为逃避员警的抓捕）奔逃，躲藏
After a month on the run, the prisoners were finally recaptured by the police.   在东躲西藏一个月后，这些犯人终于再次落入员警的手中。
■to hurry from one activity to another    忙个不停；奔忙
She's always on the run and never has time for a chat.   她总是忙个不停，连闲聊一会儿的工夫都没有。noun 
on the run 
■while hurrying to go somewhere    在赶路的途中
I eat breakfast on the run if I'm late for work.   如果我上班要晚了，就在路上吃早饭。noun 
the run of sth 
■the freedom to use something    使用…的自由；出入（某地）的自由
While she's away, I've got the run of her house.   她外出不在的时候她的家就由我掌管。
So do you have the run of the garden?   那么你可以自由出入这个花园？



★☆☆   runabout
—————————————————
 (also runaround) informal 
noun countable 
■a small car for short journeys    轻便小汽车



★☆☆   runaround
—————————————————
noun 
give sb the runaround 
■to refuse to help someone, sending them to someone or somewhere else to get help    搪塞（某人）；打发（某人）
I'm trying to get a new visa, but the embassy staff keep giving me the runaround.   我想要办理新签证，但是使馆人员老是推诿不给我办。



★☆☆   runaway
—————————————————
adjective 
■out of control or escaped from somewhere    失控的；逃跑的
A runaway bus/horse caused chaos on the streets.   一辆公共汽车失控了／一匹马脱缰了，导致街道上一片混乱。
a runaway child sleeping on the streets   离家出走露宿街头的小孩
figurative Her first novel's runaway (= surprisingly big) success came as a great surprise.   她的第一部小说大获成功，真是大大出人意料。



★☆☆   run-down 
—————————————————
noun only singular (also rundown) [ˈrʌn.daʊn/
REPORT  报告  
■a detailed report    详细报告
Here's a run-down on/of the activities of our ten biggest competitors.   这里有一份有关我们的十家最大竞争对手经营活动的详细报告。noun only singular (also rundown) [ˈrʌn.daʊn/
REDUCTION  减少  
■a reduction in the size or quality of something    缩减，品质下降
the general run-down of the army   军队的一般性减员adjective]ˌrʌnˈdaʊn/
■describes buildings or areas that are in very bad condition 
  （建筑物或地区）破败的，破旧的，失修的
a run-down building/cemetery   破旧的楼房／破败的公墓
[after verb] 
■tired and not healthy, especially because of working too much 
  （尤指因为工作过度）精疲力竭的，疲惫不堪的，衰弱的
My doctor said I was looking run-down and ought to take some time to rest.   我的医生说我看上去非常疲惫，应该休息一段时间。



★☆☆   rune
—————————————————
noun countable 
■any of the letters of an ancient alphabet cut into stone or wood in the past by the people of northern Europe, or any similar mark with a secret or magic meaning 
  （古代北欧人使用的）如尼字母，如尼文；神秘的记号；有魔力的符号



★☆☆   rung
—————————————————
verb    past participle of 
■ring noun countable 
■any of the short bars that form the steps of a ladder    梯子横档；梯级noun countable 
be on the lowest / bottom rung of the ladder 
■to be at the lowest level of an organization 
  （在组织中）处于最底层，处于最低等级
I started my life on the bottom rung of the ladder in this company.   我从这间公司的最基层做起，开始了我的职业生涯。



★☆☆   run-in
—————————————————
 informal 
noun countable 
■If you have a run-in with someone, you have a serious argument with them or you get into trouble with them    激烈的争执，争吵；冲突
I had a run-in with the boss/the law/the police yesterday.   昨天我跟老板大吵了一架／做了一件违法的事／和员警发生了冲突。



★☆☆   runner
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
GOING QUICKLY  奔跑  
 IMPROVER  
■someone who runs, especially in competitions    奔跑的人；（尤指）参加赛跑的人
a long-distance runner   长跑运动员
⇨ See also runner-up
 ADVANCED  
■a horse running in a race 
  （参加比赛的）赛马
■a person who works for someone by taking messages, collecting money, etc.    送信人，信差；收帐员
runners [plural]    Australian    * plimsolls UK noun countable 
BLADE  刀刃  
■one of two usually metal blades under a sledge which allow it to move along easily 
  （雪橇的）滑板，雪板UK noun countable 
STEM  茎  
■a long stem of a plant that grows along the ground in order to put down roots in a new place    长匐茎，匍匐茎UK noun countable 
TAKING  携带  
■someone who takes illegal drugs or weapons from one place to another    走私，非法携带（枪支或毒品）
a gun-runner   枪支走私分子UK noun countable 
do a runner UK informal 
■to leave a place in order to avoid a difficult or unpleasant situation or to avoid paying for something 
  （为逃避困境或付款而）开溜，逃离，逃跑



★☆☆   runner bean
—————————————————
UK (US string bean) 
noun countable usually plural 
■a bean with long green pods that can be eaten, or the plant from which these beans grow    红花菜豆



★☆☆   runner-up
—————————————————
UK US  (plural runners-up)
noun countable 
■a person who comes second in a race or competition    亚军，第二名



★☆☆   running
—————————————————
adjective [after noun] 
 IMPROVER  
■happening on a particular number of regular occasions    连续的；持续的
You've been late three days running.   你已经连续三天迟到了。
They won the trophy for the third year running.   他们连续三年赢得此奖杯。adjective [after noun] 
running battle 
■an argument that lasts over several different occasions    争执不下；持续的争吵；不断的吵架
I've had a running battle with the neighbours over whose responsibility that fence is.   就谁该负责那围栏的事，我和邻取们争执不下。adjective [after noun] 
(go and) take a running jump UK informal 
■said to someone when you want them to go away and stop annoying you    走开，一边歇着去
He kept following me around, so I just told him to go and take a running jump.   他老是跟在我屁股后面转，所以我毫不客气地让他一边歇着去。noun uncountable 
GOING QUICKLY  奔跑  
■the activity of going somewhere quickly on foot, as a sport or for fun    跑步
running shoes/shorts   跑鞋／跑步穿的短裤noun uncountable 
OPERATION  经营  
■the activity of controlling or looking after something    管理；经营；照管
She has control of the day-to-day running of the business.   她主管公司的日常经营。noun uncountable 
in/out of the running 
■having/not having a reasonable chance of winning    有／没有希望获胜；有／没有成功的机会noun uncountable 
make (all) the running UK 
■to do the best and most work    率先；带头；做榜样
British companies have often made all the running in developing new ideas, but have then failed to market them.   在发展新的理念上，英国公司常常是领头羊，但是却不能将它们率先推向市场。



★☆☆   running commentary 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a description of an event, usually a sports event, given at the same time as it happens 
  （通常指对体育赛事的）现场解说，现场评述，现场报道



★☆☆   running costs 
—————————————————
plural noun 
■the money you need to spend regularly to keep a system or organization working 
  （系统、组织等的）运营成本
■the money you need to spend in order to keep and use a vehicle    养车费用



★☆☆   running mate 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■in the US, a political partner chosen for a politician who is trying to get elected 
  （美国政治选举中的）竞选伙伴
If a candidate for president wins the election, his/her running mate becomes the vice president.   如果总统候选人赢得选举，他／她的竞选伙伴就成为副总统。



★☆☆   running shoe 
—————————————————
noun countable    US for 
■trainer 



★☆☆   running sore 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an injury that will not heal (= become well again) and keeps producing liquid    化脓处



★☆☆   running stitch 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a type of sewing stitch    永久针迹；平伏针迹



★☆☆   running water 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■water supplied to a house by pipes    自来水
Some of these older houses still don't have running water.   这些年代软久的房子中，还有一些没有通自来水。



★☆☆   runny
—————————————————
adjective 
■more liquid than usual    水分过多的；稀的
The sauce looked runny so I added some more flour.   调味汁看上去太稀，所以我又加了些面粉。
■If your nose is runny, it is producing more mucus than usual, usually because you are ill 
  （通常因为生病而）流鼻涕的
I've got a runny nose today.   我今天老流鼻涕。



★☆☆   run-off
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular 
■an extra competition or election to decide the winner, because the leading competitors have finished equal 
  （比赛打平后的）附加赛；（两名竞选者得票相同后的）决胜投票
In a run-off for the presidency of the assembly, Santos beat Gutierez.   在议会议长选举的决胜投票中，桑托斯击败古铁雷斯当选。
a run-off race/election   附加赛／决胜投票



★☆☆   run-of-the-mill
—————————————————
adjective 
■ordinary and not special or exciting in any way    普普通通的；平淡无奇的；乏味的
He gave a fairly run-of-the-mill speech.   他的演讲很乏味。



★☆☆   runt
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the smallest and weakest animal of a group born at the same time to the same mother 
  （一窝生的动物中）最弱小者
informal 
■a small or weak person who you dislike    （令人讨厌的）矬子，矮子，窝囊废



★☆☆   run-through
—————————————————
noun countable 
■when you perform or play something from beginning to end in order to practise it quickly    练习；排练；排演
We've got time for one more run-through before the concert.   在音乐会开始前我们还有时间再排练一次。



★☆☆   run-up
—————————————————
noun 
countable 
■In some sports, a run-up is a period or distance of running that you do in order to be going fast enough to perform a particular action    助跑；助跑距离
The longer and faster your run-up is, the higher you can jump.   你助跑的距离越长、速度越快，跳得就越高。
only singular mainly UK 
■the final period of time before an important event 
  （重大事情的）前奏，前期，准备阶段
Everyone is very busy during the run-up to publication.   书出版前的最后准备阶段，每个人都在紧张地忙碌着。



★☆☆   runway
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a long level piece of ground with a specially prepared smooth hard surface on which aircraft take off and land 
  （飞机）跑道



★☆☆   rupee
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the standard unit of money used in India, Pakistan, Mauritius, Nepal, Sri Lanka and the Seychelles    卢比（印度、巴基斯坦、毛里求斯、尼泊尔、斯里兰卡和塞舌尔等国的标准货币单位）



★☆☆   rupiah
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the standard unit of money used in Indonesia    卢比（印度尼西亚的标准货币单位）



★☆☆   rupture
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive or transitive 
■to (cause to) explode, break or tear 
  （使）破裂；（使）裂开；（使）断裂
His appendix ruptured and he had to be rushed to hospital.   他突然盲肠穿孔，不得不被紧急送进医院。
figurative This news has ruptured (= violently ended) the delicate peace between the rival groups.   这个消息打破了这些敌对群体间脆弱的和平局面。
rupture yourself 
■If you rupture yourself, you break apart the wall of muscle which keeps your stomach and your bowels in place, usually by lifting something too heavy. 
  （通常因为举过重的东西而）发疝气UK noun countable 
■when something explodes, breaks or tears    破裂；裂开；断裂
a rupture of the pipeline   管道破裂
figurative a rupture (= an end to a friendly relationship) between the families   家族内的分裂
■when the wall of muscle holding the stomach and bowels in place inside the body is broken apart; hernia    疝气
You're going to give yourself a rupture if you lift that.   如果你硬举那个东西，会发疝气的。



★☆☆   rural
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 IMPROVER  
■in, of or like the countryside    乡村的，农村的；似乡村的
The area is still very rural and undeveloped.   这个地区仍是一片乡村景象，没有被开发。    Compare urban



★☆☆   ruse
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a trick intended to deceive someone    诡计；计策



★☆☆   rush
—————————————————
verb 
GO/DO QUICKLY  奔跑  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive [usually + adv/prep] 
■to (cause to) go or do something very quickly 
  （使）急速行进；（使）赶紧；（使）仓促行事；（使）急速做
Whenever I see him, he seems to be rushing (about/around).   我甚么时候见到他，他都是匆匆忙忙的。
I rushed up the stairs/to the office/to find a phone.   我飞奔上楼梯／匆匆赶到办公室／赶忙去找电话。
When she turned it upside down the water rushed out.   她把它底朝上翻转过来时，水一下倾泻出来。
[+ to infinitive] We shouldn't rush to blame them.   我们不应该不问青红皂白就责备他们。
You can't rush a job like this.   你不应该这样粗粗地赶活。
The emergency legislation was rushed through Parliament in a morning.   应急法案在一个上午就被议会快速通过了。
Don't rush me!   别催我！
The United Nations has rushed medical aid and food to the famine zone.   联合国向发生饥荒的地区紧急提供了医疗援助和食品。
He rushed the children off to school so they wouldn't be late.   他催赶着孩子们快点出门去学校，以免他们迟到。verb 
ATTACK  猛攻  
transitive 
■If a group of people rush an enemy or the place where an enemy is, they attack suddenly and all together    一起向…发起突袭；猛攻；向…猛冲
We rushed the palace gates and killed the guards.   我们一起冲向宫殿大门，杀死了守卫。verb 
AMERICAN FOOTBALL  美式橄榄球  
intransitive 
■In American football, to rush is to carry the football forward across the place on the field where play begins. Also, a member of the opposite team rushes when they force their way to the back of the field quickly to catch the player carrying the football. 
  （美式橄榄球中）跑动带球verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   rush into sth 
■If you rush into something such as a job, you start doing it without having really decided if it is the right thing to do or having considered the best way to do it.    仓促做；匆忙做；草率地做verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   rush sb into (doing) sth 
■If someone rushes you into doing something, they forcefully persuade you to do it without giving you time to really decide.    使（某人）仓促做…；使（某人）草率做…verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] rush sth out 
■to very quickly produce something and make it available to sell    匆匆生产；赶制
When the war started, several publishers rushed out books on the conflict.   战争一爆发，几家出版社就迅速出版了一批有关这场冲突的书。noun 
HURRY  匆忙  
 IMPROVER  only singular 
■when you have to hurry or move somewhere quickly    匆忙，赶紧；冲，奔
Slow down! What's the rush?   慢点！跑那么快做甚么？
Why is it always such a rush to get ready in the mornings?   为甚么早晨老是得这么手忙脚乱一通才能准备好？
Everyone seemed to be in a rush.   每个人似乎都是急急忙忙的。
He was in a rush to get home.   他急忙赶回家。
They were in no rush to sell the house.   他们并不急于卖出那个房子。
 ADVANCED  only singular 
■when a lot of things are happening or a lot of people are trying to do or get something    忙乱，忙碌；争做；争抢
There's always a rush to get the best seats.   人们总是抢着去占最好的位子。
I try to do my shopping before the Christmas rush.   我尽量在圣诞节购物潮来临之前把东西买好。
There's been a rush for (= sudden popular demand for) tickets.   人们蜂拥而至抢购门票。
only singular 
■when something or someone suddenly moves somewhere quickly    急速流动（或行进）；猛冲
There was a rush of air as she opened the door.   她一打开门，一阵风忽地吹了进来。
They made a rush at him to get his gun.   他们猛地扑向他去抢他的枪。
only singular 
■a sudden movement of people to a certain area, usually because of some economic advantage 
  （通常因经济利益驱动而发生的）蜂拥前往，蜂拥的人潮
the California gold rush   加利福尼亚淘金潮
countable 
■in American football, an attempt to run forwards carrying the ball, or an attempt to quickly reach and stop a player from the opposing team who is carrying the ball 
  （美式橄榄球中的）跑动带球noun 
SUDDEN FEELING  突然的感情  
only singular 
■a sudden strong emotion or physical feeling 
  （突然的）一阵强烈感情；（身体的）一阵感觉
The memory of who he was came back to him with a rush.   他忽地一下子想起了自己是谁。
I had my first cigarette for a year and felt a sudden rush (of dizziness).   这是我一年以来第一次抽烟，直感到一阵（晕乎乎的）腾云驾雾的感觉向我袭来。noun 
PLANT  植物  
countable usually plural 
■a plant like grass that grows in or near water and whose long thin hollow stems can be dried and made into floor coverings, containers, etc    灯心草
a rush mat   灯心草垫子



★☆☆   rushed
—————————————————
adjective 
■done in a hurry, or feeling that you must do something quickly    匆忙，赶紧；冲，奔
Supper was rushed since the family had to go out that evening.   因为那一天晚上全家要出门，所以匆匆忙忙凑合著吃了顿晚饭。
I allowed plenty of time and didn't feel rushed.   我有充裕的时间，并不感到匆忙。



★☆☆   rush hour 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■the busy part of the day when towns and cities are crowded, either in the morning when people are travelling to work, or in the evening when people are travelling home 
  （上下班）交通高峰时间，交通拥挤时间
rush hour traffic   交通高峰时段的车流



★☆☆   rushing
—————————————————
adjective 
■moving quickly    急速流动的；飞奔的；疾驰的
I stretched out and listened to the sound of the rushing stream.   我躺了下来，听着溪流哗哗地奔流而过。



★☆☆   rush job 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a piece of work which is not as good as it could be, because you do it quickly    仓促完成的工作；草草而就的工作
The biography was a bit of a rush job.   这部传记读来有点急就章的感觉。



★☆☆   rusk
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a type of very hard dry biscuit, eaten especially by babies 
  （尤指婴儿食用的）脆饼干



★☆☆   russet
—————————————————
 literary 
noun uncountable adjective 
■reddish brown    赤褐色



★☆☆   Russia
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Russia    俄罗斯



★☆☆   Russian
—————————————————
adjective 
■from, belonging to or relating to Russia    俄国的，俄罗斯的noun countable 
■a person from Russia    俄罗斯人



★☆☆   Russian roulette 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a very dangerous game of chance where each player aims at their own head with a gun which has one bullet in it and five empty chambers (= spaces where bullets could go)    俄罗斯轮盘赌（危险游戏，参加者在能装六发子弹的左轮手枪中只装一发子弹，然后轮流将枪口对准自己的头扳动扳机）
figurative Doctors' refusal to take the issue seriously is playing Russian roulette with (= taking unnecessary risks with) ordinary citizens' health.   医生们拒绝认真对待这个问题是在以老百姓的健康为赌注玩博命游戏。



★☆☆   rust
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a reddish brown substance that forms on the surface of iron and steel as a result of decay caused by reacting with air and water    锈；铁锈
patches of rust   斑斑锈迹
■a reddish brown colour that looks like rust    铁锈色；赭色
■any of various plant diseases that cause reddish brown spots 
  （植物的）锈病verb intransitive or transitive 
■to become or cause something to become covered with rust 
  （使）生锈
Older cars will begin to rust.   旧车将会开始生锈。
Years of being left out in the rain had rusted the metal chairs.   这些铁椅子由于长年在室外淋雨已经生锈了。
The floor of the car had rusted away/through (= been destroyed by rust) , so I was careful where I put my feet.   车的底板都锈坏／烂了，所以我放脚时很小心，不能乱踩。



★☆☆   rustic
—————————————————
adjective 
■simple and often rough in appearance; typical of the countryside    粗制的；乡村的，乡村特色的；质朴的
a rustic bench/cabin   粗制的长椅／简陋的小木屋
The property has a certain rustic charm.   这座宅院有种迷人的田园风情。



★☆☆   rustle
—————————————————
verb 
MAKE NOISE  发出声音  
intransitive or transitive 
■If things such as paper or leaves rustle, or if you rustle them, they move about and make a soft, dry sound    使（纸或树叶等）沙沙作响，使发出轻轻的摩擦声；使沙沙作响地移动
The leaves rustled in the breeze.   树叶在微风中飒飒作响。
He rustled his papers (= noisily moved them about) to hide his embarrassment.   他哗啦哗啦地翻动文件，以此来掩饰他的尴尬。verb 
STEAL  偷  
transitive mainly US 
■to steal farm animals    偷（牧场的牲畜）verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] rustle sth up informal 
■to make something quickly, usually a meal from the food that is available    很快制作；仓促凑成；（通常指用现有的食物）凑合做成一顿饭
Give me a minute and I'll rustle something up for supper.   给我一点时间，我去随便做点晚饭。noun only singular 
■the sound made by the movement of things such as leaves or paper    纸或树叶等沙沙作响



★☆☆   rustler
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who steals farm animals    偷牲口的人



★☆☆   rustling
—————————————————
noun 
NOISE  噪音  
countable or uncountable 
■the sound that paper or leaves make when they move 
  （纸或树叶等）发出轻轻的摩擦声
I could hear (a) rustling in the bushes.   我可以听到灌木丛中发出（一阵）窸窸窣窣的声音。
A small animal was making rustling noises among the leaves.   一只小动物在叶蕞中弄出阵阵沙沙声。noun 
STEALING  偷  
uncountable 
■the crime of stealing farm animals    偷（牧场的牲畜）的罪行



★☆☆   rustproof
—————————————————
adjective 
■protected against rust (= metal decay)    抗锈的；不生锈的；防锈的



★☆☆   rusty
—————————————————
adjective 
METAL  金属  
 ADVANCED  
■covered with rust (= metal decay)    生锈的
a rusty car/nail   生锈的汽车／钉子adjective 
NEED PRACTICE  需要练习  
■If a skill you had is rusty, it is not now good because you have forgotten it 
  （技术）荒疏的，荒废的，生疏的
My Italian is a bit rusty these days.   我的义大利语现在有点荒疏了。



★☆☆   rut
—————————————————
noun 
HOLE  孔  
countable 
■a deep narrow mark made in soft ground especially by a wheel 
  （在松软地面上压出的）沟，凹痕；（尤指）车辙noun 
SEXUALLY ACTIVE PERIOD  性欲旺盛期  
only singular 
■the period of the year during which particular male animals, especially deer and sheep, are sexually active 
  （尤指雄鹿、公羊等的）发情期
During the rut, stags can be seen fighting for females.   在发情期，可以看到雄鹿为了争夺雌鹿而争斗。
in rut 
■(of particular male animals) sexually excited 
  （雄性动物）发情noun 
in a rut 
■If a person, organization, etc. is in a rut, they have become too fixed in one particular type of job, activity, method, etc 
  （工作、方法等）刻板乏味，墨守成规，一成不变
I've got to change jobs - after 15 years here I feel I'm (stuck) in a rut (= I'm bored).   我要换个工作了——在这里呆了15年，我感觉刻板乏味极了。



★☆☆   rutabaga
—————————————————
UK noun countable     US for 
■swede 



★☆☆   ruthless
—————————————————
adjective 
■not thinking or worrying about any pain caused to others; cruel    无情的；冷酷的；残忍的
ruthless ambition   冷酷无情的野心
a ruthless dictator   残忍的独裁者
Some people believe that to succeed in this world you have to be ruthless.   有些人认为，在这个世界上要想成功必须冷酷无情。



★☆☆   rutted
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■If a surface is rutted, it has deep narrow marks in it made by wheels    有车辙的
a deeply/badly rutted road   一条被轧出了深深车辙／满是车辙坑洼不平的道路



★☆☆   rutting
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■relating to the period of the year during which particular male animals are sexually active    发情交配的时段
the rutting season   发情交配季节



★☆☆   RV
—————————————————
noun countable     abbreviation for 
■recreational vehicle: a motorhome    娱乐休闲车；旅行房车



★☆☆   Rwanda
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Rwanda    卢旺达



★☆☆   Rwandan
—————————————————
UK noun countable adjective 
■Rwandan    卢旺达人／卢旺达的



★☆☆   Rx 
—————————————————
■US written abbreviation for 
■prescription (= a piece of paper on which a doctor writes the details of the medicine or drugs that someone needs)    处方，药方



★☆☆   rye
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a type of grain, the seeds of which are used to make flour or whisky or to feed animals    黑麦，裸麦；裸麦粒
rye bread   黑麦面包
■whisky made with rye    黑麦威士忌酒
a glass of rye   一杯黑麦威士忌酒



★☆☆   rye bread 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■dark brown bread made with rye    黑麦面包



★☆☆   résumé
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a short statement of the important details of something    摘要；梗概；概述
She gave us a brief résumé of the project so far.   她向我们简要介绍了目前工程的进展情况。
US for    * CV 
She sent her résumé to fifty companies, but didn't even get an interview.   她向50家公司投了履历表，但是连一次面试的机会都没有得到。



★☆☆   röntgen
—————————————————
(also roentgen) UK noun countable specialized 
■a unit of measurement for showing the amount of radiation received by a person over a period of time    伦琴（辐射的照射量单位）



S
★☆☆   S
—————————————————
 (plural S's or Ss)
noun 
LETTER  字母     (also s (plural s's)) countable 
■the 19th letter of the English alphabet    英语字母表的第19个字母 (plural S's or Ss)
noun 
SATISFACTORY  令人满意的     US written abbreviation for 
■satisfactory , when given as a mark for an examination or course    满意（批改试卷或作业时所给的分数） (plural S's or Ss)
noun uncountable adjective (UK also Sth) (US also So)    written abbreviation for    * south or southern (plural S's or Ss)
adjective    written abbreviation for 
■small, used to show the size of a piece of clothing    小号的（用来标明服装尺寸）



s
★☆☆   s
—————————————————
(also sec) 
noun    written abbreviation for 
■second (TIME) 



★☆☆   sabbatical
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■a period of time when college or university teachers are allowed to stop their usual work in order to study or travel, usually while continuing to be paid 
  （供大学老师进行学术研究或旅游且通常带薪的）休假
to take/have a sabbatical   休假
She's on sabbatical for six months.   她正在休假，为期六个月。
sabbatical leave   休假期



★☆☆   sable
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
ANIMAL  动物  
■a small animal with thick warm fur, or the fur of this animal used for making clothes and artists' brushes    紫貂，黑貂；紫貂皮noun countable or uncountable 
COLOUR  颜色     literary 
■a very dark or black colour    黑色；非常深的颜色noun uncountable literary 
■having a very dark or black colour    黑色的；颜色非常深的



★☆☆   sabotage
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to damage or destroy equipment, weapons or buildings in order to prevent the success of an enemy or competitor 
  （为阻止敌人或对手成功而）毁坏，破坏（设备、武器或建筑物）
The rebels had tried to sabotage the oil pipeline.   叛乱分子曾试图破坏输油管道。
■to intentionally prevent the success of a plan or action    暗中破坏，蓄意破坏（计划或行动）
This was a deliberate attempt to sabotage the ceasefire.   这是一次蓄意破坏停战的袭击。



★☆☆   saboteur
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who sabotages something    破坏者，毁坏者



★☆☆   sabre
—————————————————
mainly UK (ALSO US usually saber) UK noun countable 
■a heavy sword with a wide, usually curved blade, used in the past by soldiers on horses    马刀，军刀
■a light pointed sword with one sharp edge used in the sport of fencing 
  （击剑运动中使用的）佩剑，花剑



★☆☆   sabre-rattling
—————————————————
UK  US disapproving 
noun uncountable 
■talking and behaving in a way that threatens military action    武力威胁，武力恫吓



★☆☆   sabre-toothed tiger
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a large wild cat which lived in the past, with two long curved front teeth    剑齿虎（古代的一种大型野生猫科动物，有两只长而弯曲的前齿）



★☆☆   sac
—————————————————
 specialized 
noun countable 
■a part of a plant or animal which is like a bag and often contains liquid 
  （动植物的）囊，液囊



★☆☆   saccharin
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a very sweet artificial substance which is used to replace sugar, especially by people who want to lose weight or who must not eat sugar    糖精
saccharin tablets   糖精片



★☆☆   saccharine
—————————————————
UK US disapproving 
adjective 
■too sweet or too polite    甜腻的；过于殷勤的
I don't trust her, with her saccharine smiles.   我不信任她，因为她总是满脸殷勤的笑容。
saccharine love songs   过于缠绵的情歌



★☆☆   sachet
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a small closed container made of paper or plastic, containing a small amount of something, usually enough for only one occasion 
  （通常内容物仅够用一次的）小袋，小包
a free sachet of shampoo   一小袋免费洗发精



★☆☆   sack
—————————————————
noun 
BAG  袋子  
 countable 
■a large bag made of strong cloth, paper or plastic, used to store large amounts of something    大布袋；麻袋；大纸袋；大塑胶袋
The corn was stored in large sacks.   玉米装在大麻袋里。
a sack of potatoes/coal/flour   一袋马铃薯／煤／面粉
⇨ See also haversack;knapsack;rucksack
countable US 
■a paper or plastic bag used to carry things bought in a food shop    食品购物袋
a sack of groceries   一袋食品杂货noun 
DISMISS  解雇  
the sack 
■when someone is removed from their job    开除，解雇
They gave him the sack for being late.   因为迟到，他们开除了他。
Two workers got the sack for fighting in the warehouse.   两名工人因为在仓库打架而被解雇了。noun 
STEAL  窃盗  
only singular 
■the act of stealing all the valuable things from a town and sometimes destroying the town, during a war 
  （通常指在战争中）洗劫，劫掠
The sack (= destruction) of Rome by the Visigoths occurred in the 5th century.   西哥德人洗劫罗马发生在西元五世纪。noun 
BED  床  
the sack only singular US informal 
■bed    床
It's late - I'm going to hit the sack (= go to bed).   时间不早了，我要上床睡觉了。
He came home and found Judy and Brad in the sack (= in bed) together.   回到家，他发现茱蒂和布拉德睡在同一张床上。
in the sack US informal 
■If someone is good/bad in the sack, they are sexually skilled/not sexually skilled.    床上功夫（好或差）verb transitive 
DISMISS  解雇  
 ADVANCED  
■to remove someone from a job, usually because they have done something wrong or badly, or sometimes as a way of saving the cost of employing them    解雇，开除
They sacked her for being late.   因为迟到，他们把她开除了。
He got sacked from his last job.   他上一份工作是被解雇的。verb transitive 
STEAL  窃盗  
■to steal all the valuable things from a building, town, etc., and possibly destroy the building or town, usually during a war 
  （通常指在战争中）洗劫，劫掠
The invaders sacked every village they passed on their route.   侵略者洗劫了他们途经的每个村庄。verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   sack out US informal 
■to go to bed    上床睡觉
It's late - I'm going to sack out.   不早了，我要上床睡觉了。




★☆☆   sackcloth
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable    (also sacking) 
■the thick rough material used to make sacks (= large strong bags)    粗麻布，麻袋布UK noun uncountable 
wear sackcloth and ashes 
■to show by your behaviour that you are very sorry for something you did that was wrong    极其懊悔，处于忏悔中



★☆☆   sackful
—————————————————
 (also sackload) 
noun countable 
■the amount contained in a sack    一袋（的量）；一包（的量）
figurative He got sackfuls of (= very many) letters from listeners following the show.   演出结束后，他收到听众寄来的大量信件。



★☆☆   sacking
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an act of stopping employing someone    解聘，解雇
Mr Ali said the sackings would save the company about $40 million a year.   阿里先生说，裁员每年将为公司节省约4000万美元。
⇨ See also sackcloth



★☆☆   sack lunch 
—————————————————
noun countable    US for 
■packed lunch 



★☆☆   sack race 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a race in which people jump along with both legs in a cloth sack that they hold up with their hands    麻袋竞走（双腿套在布袋里，用手抓着袋子进行跳跃式赛跑）



★☆☆   sacrament
—————————————————
noun 
countable 
■an important religious ceremony in the Christian Church, such as baptism or communion 
  （基督教的）圣事，圣礼
countable usually singular 
■the holy bread and wine eaten at Holy Communion (= a religious ceremony)    圣餐（包括圣饼和葡萄酒）



★☆☆   sacred
—————————————————
adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■considered to be holy and deserving respect, especially because of a connection with a god 
  （尤指因与神有关而）神圣的，值得崇敬的
sacred relics/temples   圣物／殿
This area is sacred to the Apaches.   对阿帕契人而言，这一个地区是神圣的。
 ADVANCED  
■connected with religion    与宗教有关的，宗教性的
sacred music/writings   宗教音乐／著作
■considered too important to be changed    不容改变的，不可侵犯的
His daily routine is absolutely sacred to him.   对他而言，每天的日常安排绝对是不容改变的。
humorous The cricketers wore blue, not their usual white - is nothing sacred?   板球队员们身穿蓝色队服，不是他们常穿的白色——难道这也是可以改的吗？



★☆☆   sacred cow
—————————————————
disapproving 
noun countable 
■a belief, custom, etc. that people support and do not question or criticize    不容质疑的信仰；神圣不可侵犯的习俗
They did not dare to challenge the sacred cow of parliamentary democracy.   他们不敢反对不容质疑的议会民主。



★☆☆   sacrifice
—————————————————
verb 
GIVE UP  放弃  
 ADVANCED  transitive 
■to give up something that is valuable to you in order to help another person    牺牲；献出
Many women sacrifice interesting careers for their family.   许多女性为了家庭牺牲了自己感兴趣的工作。verb 
KILL  杀  
intransitive or transitive 
■to kill an animal or a person and offer them to a god or gods    献祭；以（人或动物）为祭品verb 
be sacrificed on the altar of sth literary 
■to be destroyed by an activity, system or belief that is bad but more important or more powerful    成为…的牺牲品
Service and quality have been sacrificed on the altar of profit.   为了利润牺牲了服务和品质。noun countable or uncountable 
GIVING UP  放弃  
 ADVANCED  
■when you give up something that is valuable to you in order to help someone else    牺牲；献出
We had to make sacrifices in order to pay for our children's education.   为了支付孩子们的教育费用，我们不得不作出牺牲。
They cared for their disabled son for 27 years, at great personal sacrifice.   27年来，他们为照料残障的儿子作出了伟大的个人牺牲。noun countable or uncountable 
KILLING  杀  
■the act of killing an animal or person and offering them to a god or gods, or the animal, etc. that is offered    献祭，供奉；祭品，供品
The people offered a lamb on the altar as a sacrifice for their sins.   人们在祭坛上献祭一头羔羊作为赎罪的祭品。noun countable or uncountable 
make the ultimate / supreme sacrifice formal 
■to die while fighting for a principle    牺牲生命，捐躯



★☆☆   sacrificial
—————————————————
adjective 
■offered as a sacrifice    献祭的，用作祭品的
The priest held up the head of the sacrificial goat.   祭司举起了献祭山羊的头。



★☆☆   sacrificial lamb 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■someone or something which is given to people in authority and which is expected to be harmed or destroyed, especially in order to prevent other people or things from being harmed or destroyed    被牺牲的人（或物），牺牲品
We knew the department would be a sacrificial lamb when the time came to cut staff.   我们知道，裁员时这个部门将成为牺牲品。



★☆☆   sacrilege
—————————————————
noun [S or U] 
■(an act of) treating something holy or important without respect    亵渎神圣，渎圣（行为）
[+ to infinitive] Muslims consider it sacrilege to wear shoes inside a mosque.   回教徒认为穿着鞋子进入清真寺是渎圣行为。
It would be a sacrilege to put a neon sign on that beautiful old building.   在那座美丽的古老建筑物上安装霓虹灯简直是一种亵渎行为。



★☆☆   sacristy
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a vestry 



★☆☆   sacrosanct
—————————————————
 mainly humorous 
adjective 
■thought to be too important or too special to be changed    神圣不容更改（或侵犯）的
I'm willing to help on any weekday, but I'm afraid my weekends are sacrosanct.   我乐意在任何一个平常日帮忙，不过周末可是神圣不可侵犯的。



★☆☆   SAD
—————————————————
noun uncountable    abbreviation for 
■seasonal affective disorder: a medical condition in which a person does not have much energy and enthusiasm during the winter because of the reduced period of natural light    季节性不适（冬季因日照时间缩短而引发的精力不济）



★☆☆   sad
—————————————————
 (sadder, saddest)
adjective 
NOT HAPPY  不快乐的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■unhappy or sorry    伤心的，悲哀的；令人难过的，令人遗憾的
I've just received some very sad news.   我刚刚得到一些令人伤心的消息。
She gave a rather sad smile.   她露出一丝苦笑。
[+ (that)] It's sad (that) the trip had to be cancelled.   很遗憾旅行被迫取消了。
I'm so sad (that) you can't come.   你不能来，我很遗憾。
[+ to infinitive] It's sad to see so many failures this year.   今年看到这么多失败的事情真是令人难过。
I was sad to hear that they'd split up.   听说他们分手了，我很难过。
■informal 
■If something looks sad, it looks worse than it should because it is not being cared for    可怜的，凄惨的
Give those flowers some water - they're looking a bit sad.   给那些花浇点水——它们看起来蔫巴巴的。 (sadder, saddest)
adjective 
UNPLEASANT  令人不快的     [before noun] 
■not satisfactory or pleasant    令人遗憾的；令人不快的
The sad fact/truth is we can't afford to provide homes for all.   令人遗憾的事实是，我们无法为所有的人提供住所。
a very sad state of affairs   十分糟糕的时局
sad to say 
■something you say when you are telling someone about something bad that happened    真遗憾，可惜的是
Sad to say, the ring was never found.   真可惜，那枚戒指再也找不到了。 (sadder, saddest)
adjective 
BORING  令人厌烦的     UK slang 
■showing that you are not fashionable or interesting or have no friends    无趣的；乏味的；不受欢迎的
You enjoy reading timetables? You sad man!   你喜欢看时间表？你可真无聊！ (sadder, saddest)
adjective 
sadder but wiser 
■If someone is sadder but wiser after a bad experience, they have suffered but they have also learned something from it.    经一事，长一智



★☆☆   sadden
—————————————————
verb transitive 
 IMPROVER  
■to make someone sad    使悲伤，使难过，使伤心
[+ to infinitive] It saddens me to think that we'll never see her again.   一想到我们再也见不到她了就令我非常伤心。
We are deeply saddened by this devastating tragedy.   这起令人震惊的悲剧事件使我们沉浸在深深的悲痛之中。



★☆☆   saddle
—————————————————
noun 
SEAT  座位  
 ADVANCED  countable 
■a seat, often made of leather, used on a horse, bicycle, motorcycle, etc.    马鞍；（脚踏车、摩托车等的）座垫，鞍座
He swung himself into the saddle and rode off.   他跨上马鞍，骑马走了。
⇨ See also sidesaddle
in the saddle 
■riding a horse    骑马
■in charge or in control    掌握，控制
The chairman is back in the saddle after his heart attack.   心脏病愈之后，主席又重新掌权了。noun 
MEAT  肉  
countable or uncountable 
■a large piece of meat taken from the middle of the back of an animal 
  （动物的）脊肉
saddle of lamb   羊脊肉verb transitive 
■to put a saddle on a horse    给（马）套上马鞍
She saddled (up) the horse for her friend.   她为朋友备好了马鞍。verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   saddle sb with sth informal 
■to give someone a responsibility or problem which they do not want and which will cause them a lot of work or difficulty    使（某人）负担，使（某人）承担（重任或难题）
The company is saddled with debt.   公司负债累累。




★☆☆   saddle-bag
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small bag which you fix to the back of your bicycle saddle, or one of a pair of bags you put over the back of a horse or over the back wheel of a bicycle or motorcycle    鞍囊，马鞍袋；（脚踏车、摩托车后座的）挂包，工具包



★☆☆   saddler
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who makes, sells and repairs saddles and other leather objects for horses    鞍工；马具工人；马具商



★☆☆   saddlery
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■leather objects, such as saddles and bridles , for horses    鞍具，马具



★☆☆   saddle-sore
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■having a sore bottom from sitting on a saddle for a long time 
  （骑马或骑车后）胯下痛的，（感到）坐鞍痛的



★☆☆   saddo
—————————————————
UK  US UK slang 
noun countable 
■someone, especially a man, who is not fashionable or interesting or has no friends    俗气的人，乏味的人，不受欢迎的人（尤指男子）
So who says trainspotting is for saddos?   那么是谁说搜集火车号码是无聊的人才会做的事？



★☆☆   sadism
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the activity of getting pleasure, sometimes sexual, from being cruel to or hurting another person    虐待狂；性虐狂



★☆☆   sadist
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who gets pleasure, sometimes sexual, by being cruel to or hurting another person    虐待狂者；性虐狂者



★☆☆   sadly
—————————————————
adverb 
NOT HAPPY  不快乐的  
 IMPROVER  
■in an unhappy way    伤心地，悲伤地
"He's gone away for six months, " she said sadly.   “他已经走了六个月了，”她伤心地说。adverb 
UNPLEASANT  令人不快的  
 ADVANCED  
■in a way that is not satisfactory    令人遗憾地，令人伤心地
Sadly, the treatment doesn't work for all patients.   很遗憾，这种治疗并不是对所有的患者都有效。
If you think she'll let you do that, you're sadly (= completely) mistaken.   如果你认为她会让你那么做，你就大错特错了。



★☆☆   sadomasochism
—————————————————
UK US (abbreviation S&M) (SM) 
noun uncountable 
■the activity of getting sexual pleasure from sadism (= hurting other people) and from masochism (= being hurt)    性施虐受虐狂



★☆☆   sad-sack
—————————————————
adjective informal 
■boring and never likely to be successful    令人厌烦的，永远不可能成功的
He's just some sad-sack writer trying to get a book published.   他只是一个想出版些甚么的无聊作家，绝不会有成功的一天。



★☆☆   sae
—————————————————
UK (ALSO US SAE) [&#x2CC;es.e&#x26A;'i:] (US also SASE) 
noun countable abbreviation for 
■stamped addressed envelope or self-addressed envelope: an envelope with a stamp and your name and address on it, which you send inside another envelope to an organization when you want a reply 
  （贴上邮票写明姓名地址的）回邮信封
Write to the above address, enclosing an sae.   信寄往上述地址，并附上邮票写明姓名地址的信封。



★☆☆   safari
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■an organized journey to look at, or sometimes hunt, wild animals, especially in Africa 
  （尤指在非洲进行的）观察野生动物之行，狩猎
to go/be on safari   去／在观察野生动物



★☆☆   safari jacket 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a jacket made of light cloth with short sleeves, pockets on the chest and a belt    狩猎夹克（短袖，有胸袋和腰带）



★☆☆   safari park 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a large park where wild animals are kept and can move freely, and can be watched by visitors driving through in their cars    野生动物园



★☆☆   safari suit 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a safari jacket with matching trousers or a matching skirt    狩猎装



★☆☆   safe
—————————————————
adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  
■not in danger or likely to be harmed    安全的；没有危险的
In some cities you don't feel safe going out alone at night.   在某些城市，夜晚独自外出会觉得不安全。
 ESSENTIAL  
■not dangerous or likely to cause harm    不会造成危险的；可靠的
a safe play-area for children   儿童安全游乐区
a safe driver   可靠的司机
That ladder doesn't look safe.   那架梯子看起来不安全。
She wished us a safe journey.   她祝我们一路平安。
Is this medicine safe for children?   儿童使用这种药物安全吗？
It's safe to cross the road now.   现在过马路安全了。
 ESSENTIAL  
■not harmed or damaged    无损的；未受伤害的
She said that all the hostages were safe.   她说所有的人质都平安无事。
 IMPROVER  
■describes things which do not involve any risk    保险的，万无一失的
I think we should go for the safest option (= the one that involves the least risks).   我认为我们应该选择最保险的方案。
He never usually remembers my birthday, so it's a safe bet (= I am certain) he'll forget again this time!   他从来就记不住我的生日，我敢肯定这一次他又忘了！
■If an official position in parliament is safe, it is likely to be won by the political party which has won it at previous elections 
  （选举中席位）十拿九稳的
a safe Conservative seat   一个十拿九稳的保守党议席
safe and sound 
■completely safe and without injury or damage    安然无恙；完好无缺
After three days lost in the mountains, all the climbers arrived home safe and sound.   在山里迷路三天后，所有的登山者都安然无恙地回到了家。adjective 
as safe as houses UK 
■very safe    非常安全的adjective 
in safe hands 
■being cared for or dealt with by someone skilled    受到妥善照管；由专业人员处理
Dr Bailey is doing the operation, so your wife is in safe hands.   贝利医生负责手术，因此你妻子很安全。adjective 
(just) to be on the safe side 
■being especially careful in order to avoid something unpleasant    谨慎起见；以防万一
I'm sure it won't rain, but I'll take an umbrella (just) to be on the safe side (= to be ready if it does rain).   我知道不会下雨，但是为了以防万一，我还是要带把伞。adjective 
  Common Learner Errors   safe or save?   Warning: do not confuse the adjective safe with the verb save :
✗ You can safe a lot of time by booking your holiday online.   You can save a lot of time by booking your holiday online.noun countable 
■a strong box or cupboard with special locks where valuable things, especially money or jewels (= precious stones) , are kept    保险箱，保险柜
Thieves broke into/cracked (= opened by force) the safe and stole everything in it.   盗贼们撬开保险箱，偷走了里面所有的东西。



★☆☆   safebreaker
—————————————————
UK US UK (US safecracker) 
noun countable 
■someone who opens safes using force and steals the valuable things from inside    撬窃保险箱的盗贼



★☆☆   safe-conduct
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■official protection from harm while travelling through an area, or a document that gives this    安全通行权；安全通行证
In exchange for the hostages, the terrorists demanded safe-conduct out of the country.   恐怖分子要求以安全出境作为交换人质的条件。



★☆☆   safe deposit box
—————————————————
(also safety deposit box) 
noun countable 
■a strong box in a bank where you can keep money or valuable things 
  （银行里的）贵重物品保管箱，保险箱



★☆☆   safeguard
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to protect something from harm    保护，保卫；捍卫，维护
The union safeguards the interests of all its members.   工会捍卫每位成员的利益。UK verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   safeguard against sth 
■to do things that you hope will stop something unpleasant from happening    预防，避免
A good diet will safeguard against disease.   搭配合理的饮食可以预防疾病。




★☆☆   safe haven 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a place where you are protected from harm or danger    安全场所，避难所
As long as the UN soldiers were present, the city was regarded as a safe haven for the refugees.   只要联合国士兵驻扎在此，这座城市就是难民们的避难所。



★☆☆   safe house 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a house where someone can hide or shelter 
  （可用于藏身或避难的）密屋，安全藏身处



★☆☆   safekeeping
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■protection from harm or loss    安全保护；妥善保管
I left my watch with Helen for safekeeping while I swam.   我游泳的时候把手表交给海伦保管。



★☆☆   safely
—————————————————
adverb 
 IMPROVER  
■in a safe way    安全地，平安地；可靠地
We all arrived safely.   我们都安全到达。
Drive safely (= Do not take any risks) !   谨慎驾驶！
Are the children safely fastened into their car seats?   车里的孩子们都系好安全带了吗？
I think we can safely (= with no risk of being wrong) say they won't find us now.   我觉得我们可以有把握地说，他们现在找不到我们。



★☆☆   safe period 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■the few days just before and during a woman's period when she is unlikely to become pregnant    安全期（女性经期前或经期中最不易受孕的几天）



★☆☆   safe sex 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the use of condoms or other methods of avoiding catching a disease, especially AIDS (= a serious disease that destroys the body's ability to fight infection) , from sexual activity with someone else 
  （采取针对爱滋病及其他性病的预防措施的）安全性行为
It's to be hoped that they're practising safe sex.   希望他们进行的是安全性行为。



★☆☆   safety
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a state in which or a place where you are safe and not in danger or at risk    安全，平安
For your (comfort and) safety, we recommend you keep your seat belt loosely fastened during the flight.   为了您的（舒适和）安全，我们建议您在飞行期间松松地系住安全带。
Journalists may enter the danger zone but unfortunately we cannot guarantee/assure their safety.   记者可以进入危险地带，但遗憾的是，我们不能确保他们的安全。
The crew of the ship were winched to safety by a rescue helicopter.   全体船员被救援直升机吊运至安全的地方。
As the gunman opened fire, they all ran/dived for safety behind trees.   持枪歹徒一开火，他们全都跑／冲到树后以保安全。
Police are concerned for the safety of (= think that something bad might have happened to) the five-year-old.   警方为那个五岁小孩的安危担心。
He was led to a place of safety (= somewhere he would not be in danger, especially of being found and harmed).   他被带往一个安全的地方。noun uncountable 
safety first saying 
■said to mean that it is best to avoid any unnecessary risks and to act so that you stay safe    安全第一noun uncountable 
There's safety in numbers. saying 
■said to emphasize that being part of a group makes you less likely to be harmed    人多比较保险；人多势众noun uncountable 
  Common Learner Errors   safety or security?   Safety is when you are safe or how safe something is.   Remember to wear your safety belt in the car.   Children should have lessons in road safety.   Security means activities or people that protect you from harm, or that try to stop crime.   He works as a security guard.   airport security



★☆☆   safety belt 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a seat belt 



★☆☆   safety catch 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small part on something dangerous, especially a machine or a gun, which prevents people from using it without intending to 
  （枪炮的）保险机，保险栓；（机器的）保险掣



★☆☆   safety curtain 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■in a theatre, a curtain made of material which will not burn and which comes down between the stage and the part where people sit to prevent any possible fire from spreading 
  （剧场的）防火帘，防火幕，安全幕



★☆☆   safety deposit box 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a safe deposit box 



★☆☆   safety glass 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a type of glass, used especially for car windows, that either stays in one piece in an accident, or breaks into small pieces which are not sharp 
  （尤指汽车车窗使用的）安全玻璃



★☆☆   safety glasses 
—————————————————
plural noun 
■special pieces of strong glass or plastic in a frame which fits tightly to a person's face to protect their eyes from dangerous chemicals or machines    安全眼镜，护目镜



★☆☆   safety match 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a match that will only start burning if you rub it along a special surface on its box    安全火柴



★☆☆   safety net 
—————————————————
noun countable 
NET  网  
■a net put below people performing at a great height to catch them if they fall 
  （保护高处表演者的）安全网，防护网noun countable 
HELP  帮助  
■a system to help those who have serious problems and no other form of help 
  （为面临重大困难且无助的人提供帮助的）安全网，保障机制
The welfare state was set up to provide a safety net for the poor and needy.   建立福利制度以为贫困人口提供保障机制。



★☆☆   safety pin 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a pin used for fastening things, especially cloth, which has a round end into which the sharp point fits, so that it is covered and cannot stick into you    安全别针



★☆☆   safety razor 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a device for cutting hair on the face which has a blade that is partly covered, to prevent it from cutting the skin    安全剃刀



★☆☆   safety valve 
—————————————————
noun countable 
MACHINE  机器  
■a small part on a machine, which allows steam or gas to escape if the pressure inside becomes too high    安全阀noun countable 
FEELINGS  情感  
■a way of getting rid of strong feelings without causing harm    发泄情绪的途径，舒缓情绪的方法
For many people who suffer from stress at work, sport is a vital safety valve.   对许多承受工作压力的人来说，体育运动是一个重要的减压方法。



★☆☆   safflower
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a plant with leaves that have sharp points, and seeds that are used for making an oil which is used in cooking    红花（一种植物，其叶有尖角，种子用于制造一种食用油）
Safflower oil is low in the sort of fats that are considered to be bad for people's health.   那些被认为对健康有害的脂肪在红花油中的含量很低。



★☆☆   saffron
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
SPICE  香料  
■a dark yellow substance obtained from a flower and used as a spice to give colour and flavour to food    番红花粉（用于给食物增色提味）
saffron rice   番红花米饭noun uncountable 
COLOUR  颜色  
■dark yellow    番红花色（的），暗黄色（的）adjective 
■dark yellow



★☆☆   sag
—————————————————
verb intransitive (-gg-)
■to drop down to a lower level in the middle 
  （中间部位）下垂，下陷
The shelf sagged under the weight of the heavy books.   书架被沉重的书压弯了。
a sagging roof/floor/bed   下陷的屋顶／地板／床
■to become weaker    减弱；下降，下跌
The dollar held up well this morning but the pound sagged.   今天上午美元走挺，但英镑下跌了。noun 
[S or U] 
■where something has dropped down to a lower level    下垂部分；下弯部分；下陷部分
a sag in the roof   屋顶的下陷部分
countable usually singular 
■a reduction in something    下降，下跌
a sag in sales   销售量下降



★☆☆   saga
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a long story about several past events or people, originally one told in the Middle Ages in Iceland or Norway    英雄传说（中世纪在冰岛或挪威流传的长篇传奇）；长篇故事；传奇
a lengthy and compelling family saga   篇幅宏大、扣人心弦的家族小说
■a long complicated series of related usually negative events 
  （通常指负面的）系列事件，一长串事件
It was just another episode in an ongoing saga of marriage problems.   这只是层出不穷的婚姻问题中的又一个插曲。



★☆☆   sagacious
—————————————————
 formal 
adjective 
■having or showing understanding and the ability to make good judgments; wise    聪慧的，洞察事理的； 睿智的
a sagacious person/comment/choice   聪敏的人／精辟独到的评论／明智的选择



★☆☆   sag bag
—————————————————
UK 
noun countable 
■beanbag (SEAT)    豆子袋



★☆☆   sage
—————————————————
adjective literary 
■wise, especially as a result of great experience 
  （尤指因经验丰富而）明智的，睿智的
sage advice   明智的忠告
my sage old grandfather   我那睿智的老祖父noun 
PLANT  植物  
uncountable 
■a plant whose greyish green leaves are used as a herb to give flavour to some foods    鼠尾草，洋苏草（其灰绿色的叶子可用作香草调味）
sage-and-onion stuffing   鼠尾草和洋葱制成的馅noun 
WISE  明智的  
countable literary or humorous 
■a person, especially an old man, who is wise    智者，贤人（尤指老人）



★☆☆   sage green 
—————————————————
adjective noun uncountable 
■greyish-green    灰绿色（的）



★☆☆   Sagittarius
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■the ninth sign of the zodiac, relating to the period 22 November to 22 December and represented by a centaur (= half human, half horse) shooting an arrow, or a person born during this period    射手座（黄道第九宫）；出生于射手宫时段（即在11月22日至12月22日之间）的人



★☆☆   sago
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■small white grains that are obtained from part of the trunk of a particular tree and which are used in cooking    西谷米，西米
sago pudding   西米布丁



★☆☆   Sahrawian
—————————————————
noun countable adjective 
■Sahrawian    萨拉威人／萨拉威的



★☆☆   said
—————————————————
verb    past simple and past participle of 
■sayadjective [before noun] legal 
■used before the name of a person or thing you have already mentioned    上述的，前面提到的
The said Joseph Brown was seen outside the house on the night of January 15th.   1月15日晚有人在那栋房子外面见到这个约瑟夫‧布朗。



★☆☆   sail
—————————————————
verb 
TRAVEL  旅行  
 ADVANCED  intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■When a boat or a ship sails, it travels on the water 
  （船）航行，行驶
The boat sailed along/down the coast.   那艘船沿着海岸航行。
As the battleship sailed by/past, everyone on deck waved.   战舰驶过时，甲板上所有的人都挥手致意。
The ship was sailing to China.   这艘船开往中国。
 ADVANCED  intransitive or transitive [usually + adv/prep] 
■to control a boat that has no engine and is pushed by the wind    驾驶帆船
He sailed the dinghy up the river.   他驾驶小游艇沿河逆流而上。
She sailed around the world single-handed in her yacht.   她独自一人驾驶帆船环游了整个世界。
intransitive 
■When a ship sails, it starts its journey, and when people sail from a particular place or at a particular time, they start their journey in a ship    启航，开船
Their ship sails for Bombay next Friday.   他们的船下周五启航去孟买。verb 
MOVE QUICKLY  快速移动  
intransitive + adverb or preposition 
■to move quickly, easily, and (of a person) confidently    轻快地移动；（人）自信地行走
The ball went sailing over the garden fence.   球飞过了花园的围栏。
He wasn't looking where he was going, and just sailed straight into her.   他走路时没注意，和她撞个正着。
Manchester United sailed on (= continued easily) to victory in the final.   曼联队很轻松地取得了决赛的胜利。verb 
sail against the wind 
■to be trying to achieve something that is unlikely to succeed because most people would oppose it    逆人心而动
He's sailing against the wind in his attempt to stop women using the club.   他不顾众人反对，试图阻挠女性享受这个俱乐部的服务。verb 
sail close to the wind 
■to do something that is dangerous or only just legal or acceptable    冒风险（做危险、几近违法或逾规的事情）
You were sailing a bit close to the wind there when you made those remarks about his wife.   你那么说他的妻子真是有点冒险。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   sail in    (also sail into sth) 
■to start an activity enthusiastically    热心地开始
The children sailed into the pile of cakes and in minutes the cakes were gone.   孩子兴高采烈地开始吃蛋糕，不一会儿蛋糕就吃光了。
Mary sailed in with a story about her first job.   玛丽兴致勃勃地讲起有关她第一份工作的故事。
■(also sail into sb) informal 
■to attack someone using words    抨击（用言语攻击某人）
The President sailed into her opponents with an angry speech.   总统用激愤的言辞抨击她的对手。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   sail through (sth) 
■to succeed very easily in something, especially a test or examination    顺利通过（尤指考试）
Rachel sailed through with a distinction in all exam papers.   瑞秋顺利地通过了所有的考试并取得了优异成绩。noun 
MATERIAL  材料  
countable 
■a sheet of material fixed to a pole on a boat to catch the wind and make the boat move    帆
to hoist/lower the sails   扬／收帆
countable 
■On a windmill , a sail is any of the wide blades which are turned by the wind in order to produce power. 
  （风车的）翼板noun 
TRAVEL  旅行  
only singular 
■a journey in a boat or ship 
  （乘船的）航行，航程
It's two days' sail/It's a two-day sail (= a journey of two days by sea) from here to the nearest island.   从这里坐船到最近的岛屿需要两天航程。
set sail 
■to begin a boat journey    启航，开船
We set sail from Kuwait.   我们从科威特启航。
They set sail for France.   他们启航驶往法国。noun 
under sail literary 
■travelling in a boat or ship with sails    扬帆航行
After ten hours under sail, they reached dry land.   经过十个小时的航行，他们抵达了陆地。



★☆☆   sailboard
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a windsurfer 



★☆☆   sailing
—————————————————
noun 
uncountable 
■the sport or activity of using boats with sails    帆船运动
the sailing club   帆船俱乐部
She loves to go sailing.   她喜欢玩帆船。
countable 
■when a ship leaves a port    启航，出航
There are frequent sailings from Dover.   有很多船从多佛启航。



★☆☆   sailing boat
—————————————————
UK (US sailboat) 
noun countable 
■a small boat with sails    小帆船



★☆☆   sailor
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a person who works on a ship, especially one who is not an officer    水手，船员
 ADVANCED  
■a person who often takes part in the sport of using boats with sails    帆船运动员
a good/bad sailor 
■someone who is not/often ill when they travel by boat    不晕船／晕船者



★☆☆   sailor suit 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a set of clothes, especially for a child, in the style of a sailor's uniform, usually blue and white with a large collar at the back    水手服，海军装（尤指童装）



★☆☆   saint
—————————————————
noun 
 IMPROVER  countable (written abbreviation St) 
■(the title given to) a person who has received an official honour from the Christian, especially the Roman Catholic, Church for having lived in a good and holy way. The names of saints are sometimes used to name places and buildings 
  （基督教教会，尤指天主教教会正式追封的）圣徒，圣者；圣徒头衔（圣徒的名字有时用作地名或建筑物的名称）
Saint Peter   圣彼得
St Andrew's school   圣安德鲁学校
Saint Paul's Cathedral   圣保罗大教堂
countable usually singular 
■a very good, kind person    圣人般的人，至善的人，道德高尚的人
She must be a real saint to stay with him all these years.   这些年来能一直待在他身边，她一定是位大圣人。
He has the patience of a saint with those kids.   他对那些孩子有着圣人般的耐心。



★☆☆   sainted
—————————————————
UK adjective [usually before noun] 
■given the title of saint by the church, or considered to be like a saint    被追封为圣徒的；圣人似的
humorous And where is my sainted (= extremely good) little sister?   我的大好人妹妹在哪里？



★☆☆   saint's day
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a day in the year when a particular saint is remembered and when people who have that saint's name often celebrate    圣徒节，圣徒纪念日



★☆☆   sake
—————————————————
noun 
HELP  帮助  
for the sake of sb /for sb's sake 
 IMPROVER  
■in order to help or bring advantage to someone    为了（某人）的利益；为了帮助（某人）
Please do it, for David's sake.   为了戴维，请做这件事。
Their parents only stayed together for the sake of the children.   他们的父母仅仅是为了孩子才没有分居。
I hope for both our sakes that you're right!   为了你我着想，我希望你是对的！noun 
REASON  原因  
for the sake of sth /for sth's sake 
■because of, or for the purpose of something    因为；为了
Let's not disagree for the sake of (= because of) a few pounds.   我们不要因为几英镑闹别扭。
Let's say, just for the sake of argument/for argument's sake (= for the purpose of this discussion) , that prices rise by 3 per cent this year.   为了便于讨论，我们假设今年的价格上涨3％。
You're only arguing for the sake of arguing (= because you like arguing).   你只是为争论而争论。noun 
EMPHASIS  强调  
for goodness'/God's/Pete's/heaven's, etc. sake 
■used to emphasize requests or orders when you are angry or have lost patience    做做好事吧，看在上帝份上，看在老天份上
For goodness' sake don't let her know I told you!   行行好，千万别让她知道是我告诉你的！(also saki) ['s&#x251;:.ki]
noun countable or uncountable 
■a Japanese alcoholic drink made from rice and usually drunk warm    日本清酒



★☆☆   salaam
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive 
■(especially in Muslim countries) to greet someone by bending low from the waist with the front of the right hand against the top of the face 
  （向…）行额手礼（右手掌置额前深弯腰，尤为回教国家的礼仪）



★☆☆   salable
—————————————————
adjective    mainly US for 
■saleable 



★☆☆   salacious
—————————————————
 disapproving 
adjective 
■causing or showing a strong interest in sexual matters    淫秽的；好色的；淫荡的
a salacious film/book/joke/comment   淫秽电影／书籍／玩笑／评论



★☆☆   salad
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a mixture of uncooked vegetables, usually including lettuce , eaten either as a separate dish or with other food 
  （通常用生菜等做成的）蔬菜沙拉
Toss (= Mix) the salad with a vinaigrette dressing.   用油醋酱调味料拌沙拉。
Serve the risotto with a mixed salad.   用什锦沙拉配义大利炖饭。
a salad bowl   沙拉碗
cheese/egg, etc. salad 
 IMPROVER  
■cheese, egg, etc. with salad    起司／鸡蛋等沙拉
 ADVANCED  
■cooked or uncooked vegetables cut into very small pieces and often mixed with mayonnaise 
  （将生的或熟的蔬菜切成小块，常用蛋黄酱拌的）
potato salad   马铃薯沙拉
rice/pasta salad   米饭／义大利面食沙拉noun countable or uncountable 
in your salad days old-fashioned 
■when you were a young person and had little experience    在少不更事的岁月，涉世未深时
I met her in my salad days.   我遇到她时正值青涩年华。



★☆☆   salad bar 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a table where different prepared salads are served in a restaurant or shop 
  （餐馆或商店中的）自助沙拉吧，沙拉自助柜台，凉拌菜自助长条桌



★☆☆   salad cream
—————————————————
UK 
noun uncountable 
■a thick, cream-coloured liquid, similar to mayonnaise but sweeter, which is eaten with salad    沙拉酱



★☆☆   salad dressing 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a cold sauce made from oil and vinegar , which is added to salads to give flavour    沙拉调味料



★☆☆   salamander
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a small animal which looks like a lizard but has soft skin and lives both on land and in water    蝾螈



★☆☆   salami
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a large sausage made from meat and spices which has a strong taste and is usually eaten cold in slices    莎乐美香肠，萨拉米香肠



★☆☆   salaried
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■being paid a salary    支领薪水的，有薪水的
salaried employees/workers/staff   支薪的雇员／工人／员工



★☆☆   salary
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a fixed amount of money agreed every year as pay for an employee, usually paid directly into his or her bank account every month    薪资，薪水
an annual salary of £20 000   年薪20000英镑
His net monthly salary is £1500.   他每月薪资净领1500英镑。
She's on quite a good/decent salary in her present job.   她目前的工作薪水相当丰厚。
He took a drop in (= accepted a lower) salary when he changed jobs.   换工作时，他接受了较低的薪水。
a 10% salary increase   加薪10％    Compare wage



★☆☆   salaryman
—————————————————
UK US (plural salarymen)
noun countable 
■a Japanese businessman who works very long hours every day    支薪族一员（每天工作很长时间的日本商人）



★☆☆   sale
—————————————————
noun 
SELL  卖  
 ESSENTIAL  countable or uncountable 
■an act of exchanging something for money    卖，出售，销售
The sale of cigarettes/alcohol is forbidden.   禁止出售香烟／酒。
The building company get 10% commission on each house sale.   建筑公司每卖出一栋房子能获得10%的佣金。
I haven't made a sale all morning.   我一个上午甚么都没卖出去。
They'll drop the price rather than lose the sale.   他们将下调价格而不是停止销售。
for sale 
 IMPROVER  
■available to buy    待售，出售中
Is this painting for sale?   这幅画有出售吗？
Our neighbours put their house up for sale (= started to advertise that they want to sell it) last week.   我们的邻居上周开始登广告出售他们的房子。
sales uncountable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■the department of a company that organizes and does the selling of the company's products or services 
  （公司的）销售部门； 门市部
He works in Sales.   他在销售部门工作。
the sales department/manager   销售部／销售部经理
sales [plural] 
■the number of products sold    销售量
Sales this year exceeded the total for the two previous years.   今年的销售量超过了前两年销售量的总和。
⇨ See also telesales
countable 
■an occasion when things are sold, especially by an organization such as a school or church, in order to make money for the organization 
  （尤指学校或教会等为自筹资金而进行的）义卖活动
a charity/Christmas/book sale   慈善／圣诞节／图书义卖
countable 
■an auction (= public sale)    公开拍卖
a sale of antique furniture   古董家俱拍卖
a cattle sale   家畜拍卖
on sale UK 
■available to buy in a shop    上市，正在销售
On sale at record stores now.   唱片行目前均有经售。
sale or return 
■a system by which goods are supplied to shops and can be returned if they are not sold within a particular period of time    剩货包退，可退货销售
We can supply goods on a sale or return basis.   我们可以依照剩货包退的条件供货。
  Common Learner Errors   sale or sell?   Warning: do not confuse the noun sale with the verb sell :
✗ The shop sales items made by local artists.   The shop sells items made by local artists.
  Common Learner Errors   sale or sales?   Remember: to talk about the number of items sold, use the plural noun sales.
✗ The strike had a negative effect on this year's sale.   The strike had a negative effect on this year's sales.noun 
CHEAP PRICE  便宜的价格  
countable 
■an occasion when goods are sold at a lower price than usual    廉价出售，降价销售
a mid-season/end-of-season sale   季中／季末大特价
a clearance/closing-down sale   清仓／歇业大拍卖
I bought this in the January sales.   这是我在一月大减价时买的。
sale goods/prices   特价商品／促销价
on sale mainly US (UK usually in the sale) 
■reduced in price    减价的，降价出售的
Can you tell me if this dress is in the sale?   你能告诉我这条裙子有特价吗？



★☆☆   saleable
—————————————————
(mainly US salable) ['se&#x26A;.l&#x259;.b&#x6C;]
adjective 
■easy to sell or suitable for selling    易销的，有销路的；适销的
saleable commodities   有销路的商品
in saleable condition   适合销售



★☆☆   sales assistant
—————————————————
UK 
noun countable 
■a shop assistant 



★☆☆   salesclerk
—————————————————
UK noun countable    US for 
■shop assistant 



★☆☆   sales drive 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a special effort to sell more than usual    促销活动，推销活动



★☆☆   sales force 
—————————————————
noun countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■all the employees of a company whose job is persuading customers to buy their company's products or services    销售人员，销售大队



★☆☆   salesman
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a man whose job is selling things in a shop or directly to customers    男售货员；男推销员
a car salesman   汽车销售员
a travelling salesman   巡回推销员
a door-to-door salesman   上门兜售的推销员



★☆☆   salesmanship
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■skill in selling    销售术，推销术；销售技巧
Clever salesmanship can persuade you to buy things you don't really want.   巧妙的销售术能说服你购买自己实际上不想要的东西。



★☆☆   salesperson
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person whose job is selling things in a shop or directly to customers    售货员；推销员
a car/computer salesperson   汽车／电脑推销员



★☆☆   sales pitch 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■a way of talking that is intended to persuade you to buy something    商品宣传，推销行话
He's got a good sales pitch.   他很善于推销商品。



★☆☆   sales rep
—————————————————
(formal sales representative) 
noun countable 
■someone who travels to different places trying to persuade people to buy their company's products or services    销售代表，推销员



★☆☆   sales slip
—————————————————
US 
noun countable 
■a receipt 



★☆☆   sales talk 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a way of talking that is intended to persuade you to buy something    商品宣传；推销言辞



