★☆☆   western
—————————————————
(also Western) UK adjective 
DIRECTION  方向  
 ESSENTIAL  (written abbreviation W) 
■in or from the west of a place    位于或来自西面
western Europe   西欧
California and other western states   加州和其他西部各州(also Western) UK adjective 
COUNTRIES  国家  
 ESSENTIAL  
■relating to countries in the west part of the world, especially North America and countries in the west of Europe    西方国家
western opinion/culture   西方国家的观点／文化
a Western-educated engineer   受过西方教育的工程师
western medicine   西药(also Western) UK noun countable (UK also cowboy film) (US also cowboy movie) 
■a film based on invented stories about life in the west of the US in the past 
  （描写过去美国西部生活的）西部片



★☆☆   westerner
—————————————————
(also Westerner) UK noun countable 
■someone who is from a country in North America or western Europe    西方国家的人，西方人
Some of the Buddhists came from Sri Lanka, South-East Asia and East, while others were Westerners by birth and upbringing.   一些佛教徒来自斯里兰卡、东南亚和东方国家，另一些则是土生土长的西方人。



★☆☆   westernize
—————————————————
(UK also westernise) UK verb transitive 
■to cause the ideas and ways of doing things which are common in North America and most of Europe to be used and accepted by someone or something in or from another part of the world    使西化



★☆☆   westernized
—————————————————
(UK also westernised) UK adjective 
■having a culture like North America and western Europe    西方化的
As the political emphasis shifts, Bulgaria will inevitably become more westernized.   随着政治重心转移，保加利亚将会不可避免地更加西方化。



★☆☆   westernmost
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■furthest towards the west of an area    最西面的；极西的
Ouessant is the westernmost point of France.   韦桑岛位于法国的最西端。



★☆☆   Western Sahara 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Western Sahara    西撤哈拉



★☆☆   West Indian 
—————————————————
noun countable adjective 
■(a person) of or from the West Indies    西印度群岛人；（人）来自西印度群岛的
a West Indian poet   西印度群岛诗人
a family of West Indians   来自西印度群岛的家庭



★☆☆   Westminster
—————————————————
UK noun only singular 
■the UK parliament, or the part of London where the parliament buildings are    威斯敏斯特（英国议会所在地）；英国议会



★☆☆   westward
—————————————————
UK US  (also westwards) 
adjective 
■towards the west    向西的
The westward advance of the road repairs is being held up by protesters.   向西修路的工程受到抗议者阻拦，耽搁下来。



★☆☆   westwards
—————————————————
UK US  (also westward) 
adverb 
■towards the west    向西
The boat drifted westwards.   那条小船向西漂去。



★☆☆   wet
—————————————————
adjective (wetter, wettest)
NOT DRY  不亁的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■covered in water or another liquid    湿的，潮湿的
a wet floor   潮湿的地板
a wet umbrella   湿淋淋的伞
wet hair   湿头发
My bike got wet in the rain.   我的脚踏车在雨中淋湿了。
I had to cycle in the rain and got soaking (= very) wet.   我不得不骑车在雨中行进，全身都淋湿了。
informal You poor thing - you're all (= very) wet.   你这个可怜的家伙——全身都淋湿了。
 IMPROVER  
■describes paint, ink, or a similar substance when it has not had time to dry and become hard 
  （油漆、墨水等）未干的
The paint's still wet.   油漆还未亁。
a notice saying 'Wet paint!'   一块写有“油漆未干！”的告示牌
 IMPROVER  
■describes weather or periods of time when rain falls    多雨的，下雨的
We've had wet weather all week.   整个星期都在下雨。
This is the first wet day for two months.   两个月以来，今天是第一次下雨。
The presentation will take place indoors if it 's wet.   如果下雨，仪式就在室内举行。
be wet through 
■to be completely wet    全湿透了
Come in quickly - you're wet through.   快点进来——你全身都湿透了。adjective (wetter, wettest)
WEAK  软弱的  
■describes someone who has a weak character and does not express any forceful opinions    软弱的；懦弱的；窝囊的
Don't be so wet.   别那么窝囊。adjective (wetter, wettest)
be wet behind the ears 
■to be young and without experience    乳臭未干的，无经验的verb transitive 
■to make something wet    把…弄湿；使潮湿
Wet the powder thoroughly and mix to remove lumps.   将这些粉末彻底弄湿，搅拌均匀并剔除结块。
He wetted a cloth and tried to rub the mark away.   他沾湿了一块布，试图将那污迹擦掉。
wet yourself 
■to urinate in your clothes by accident    尿湿自己的衣服
wet the/ your bed 
■to urinate in your bed by accident    尿床
She still sometimes wets the bed at night.   她夜里有时还尿床。verb transitive 
wet your whistle old-fashioned informal 
■to have an alcoholic drink    喝杯酒noun 
WATER  水  
uncountable 
■liquid, especially water    液体（尤指水）
Don't put your newspaper down in the wet.   别把报纸放进水中。
the wet    mainly UK 
■wet weather    雨天
Don't leave it out there in the wet.   雨天不要把它放在外面。noun 
PERSON  人  
countable UK disapproving 
■someone who has a weak character and does not express any forceful opinions    软弱的；懦弱的；窝囊的
Come on Tom, don't be such a wet!   汤姆，快点！别这么窝囊！
countable UK disapproving 
■a member of the Conservative Party in Britain with no strong or extreme opinions    英国保守党中观点不够鲜明（或激烈）的人



★☆☆   wet blanket
—————————————————
disapproving 
noun countable usually singular 
■a person who says or does something that stops other people enjoying themselves    扫兴的人



★☆☆   wet dream 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a man's sexually exciting dream which causes an ejaculation (= release of sperm)    梦遗；梦中遗精



★☆☆   wetland
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a large area of land covered with swamp or marsh    湿地；沼泽地



★☆☆   wet-look
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
■shiny    闪亮的
wet-look hair gel   闪亮的发胶



★☆☆   wet-nurse
—————————————————
UK US  disapproving 
verb transitive 
■to treat someone too carefully as if they are unable to do anything themselves    悉心照料（无微不至地照顾某人，就好像受照顾者甚么都做不了）



★☆☆   wet nurse 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■in the past, a woman employed to give her breast milk to another woman's baby 
  （旧时的）奶妈，乳母



★☆☆   wetsuit
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a piece of clothing, made from rubber, which covers the whole body closely and is designed to keep you warm when you are swimming in especially the sea for long periods 
  （尤指在海中潜水时可以保温的）橡胶潜水服
divers in wetsuits   穿着潜水服的潜水员



★☆☆   we've
—————————————————
short form of 
 ESSENTIAL  
■we have 
We've been married eight years.   我们结婚已经八年了。



★☆☆   whack
—————————————————
verb 
transitive 
■to hit someone or something noisily    猛打，猛击，重击
He whacked the tree trunk with his stick.   他用手杖猛击树干。
She whacked him in the mouth.   她猛地一拳打在他的嘴上。
transitive + adverb or preposition informal 
■to quickly put something somewhere    迅速放置；随意丢放
"Where shall I put my bag?" "Just whack it in the corner there."   “我把书包放在哪里？”“丢到那边角落里就行。”noun 
SHARE  一份  
[S or U] informal 
■a share or part    一份；一部分
Low earners will pay only half the charge but high earners will have to pay full whack (= pay the whole amount).   低收入人士只需支付一半的费用，而高收入人士则需支付全额费用。
That's not a fair whack.   这一份太少了。
top whack    UK informal 
■the highest possible price or payment    最高价格（或支付额）
They're prepared to pay top whack for goods like this.   他们愿意为这样的货物出最高价格。noun 
NOT RIGHT  不正常的  
out of whack US informal 
■not operating correctly or looking right    出毛病的，不正常的
You can use Carol's old bike - the gears are out of whack, but it still goes.   你可以骑卡罗尔的旧脚踏车——齿轮可能有点问题，但还能骑。noun 
HIT  打  
countable 
■the action of hitting someone or something noisily    猛打，猛击，重击
He gave the ball a whack with his stick.   他用球棒猛击了一下球。



★☆☆   whacked
—————————————————
 (also whacked out) 
adjective    informal 
■very tired 
  （感觉或看上去）极为疲惫的，筋疲力尽的
Go and pour yourself a drink, love - you look whacked.   你自己去倒杯饮料吧，亲爱的——你看起来筋疲力尽了。
■US informal 
■suffering the effects of drugs or alcohol 
  （吸毒或喝酒后）行为不正常的，思维糊涂的
He was whacked-out on speed, jabbering a mile a minute and making no sense at all.   他吸了安非他命，神志恍惚，嘴里连珠炮似的不知在说些甚么。



★☆☆   whacking
—————————————————
 informal 
adjective adverb 
■very big    极大的（地），巨大的（地）
a whacking (great) boulder   巨石
a whacking fine   巨额罚款



★☆☆   whacky
—————————————————
(US usually wacky) ['w&#xE6;k.i]
adjective informal 
■strange or unusual    奇怪的；不同寻常的
The place is stuffed with whacky memorabilia like a sculpture of the Seven Dwarfs that Walt Disney gave to Debbie Reynolds.   这个地方堆满了古怪的纪念品，比如沃尔特．迪士尼送给黛比．雷诺兹的七个小矮人雕像。



★☆☆   whale
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a very large sea mammal that breathes air through a hole at the top of its head    鲸noun countable 
have a whale of a time informal 
■to enjoy yourself very much    玩得非常痛快；过得非常愉快
We had a whale of a time on holiday.   假期里我们玩得非常痛快。noun countable 
a whale of a US informal 
■describes a very great amount of something or a very good thing    极多的；极大的；极好的
That's a whale of a story.   那个故事棒极了。
Another thousand dollars would make a whale of a difference.   再有1000美元的话，情况就大不相同了。



★☆☆   whaler
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■(someone who works on) a boat which is designed for hunting whales    捕鲸船；捕鲸人



★☆☆   whaling
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the activity of hunting whales    捕鲸



★☆☆   wham
—————————————————
exclamation informal 
SOUND  声音  
■used to suggest the sound of a sudden hit 
  （表示重击声）砰；啪
The boys in the cartoon were punching each other - wham, zap!   卡通片里的男孩正在打斗——砰，啪！exclamation informal 
SUDDENLY  突然地  
■used to show that something you are describing happened suddenly 
  （表示事情的突然发生）砰；啪
Everything was fine until, wham, the wire snapped.   一切都很好，可突然啪的一声，电线断了。



★☆☆   whammy
—————————————————
 US old-fashioned informal 
noun countable 
■a magical spell or power that causes someone to have a difficult or unpleasant time    晦气，霉运（指给他人带来霉运和不快的不祥力量）
He put the whammy on me.   他带给我一身晦气。



★☆☆   wharf
—————————————————
UK US  (plural wharves)
noun countable 
■an area like a wide wall built near the edge of the sea or a river where ships can be tied and goods unloaded    码头；停泊处
Canary Wharf   加那利码头



★☆☆   what
—————————————————
UK determiner pronoun exclamation 
QUESTION  疑问  
 ESSENTIAL  
■used to ask for information about people or things    甚么
What time is it?   几点了？
What books did you buy?   你买了甚么书？
What did you wear?   你穿的是甚么？
What size shoes do you take?   你穿多大尺码的鞋？
What happened after I left?   我离开后发生了甚么事？
What caused the accident?   是甚么导致了那场事故？
 IMPROVER  
■used in questions which show you are surprised or do not believe something 
  （用于疑问句中，表示惊奇或不相信）
"I've just told Peter." "What?/You did what?"   “我刚刚告诉了彼得。”“甚么？你做了甚么？”
What's this I hear? You're leaving?   甚么？你要离开？
what...for? 
 IMPROVER  
■used to ask about the reason for something 
  （用于询问事情的原因）
What are these tools for?   这些工具是做甚么用的？
What are you doing that for?   你那样做目的何在？
"We need a bigger car." "What for?"   “我们需要一辆更大的汽车。”“为甚么？”UK determiner pronoun exclamation 
what about?  IMPROVER  
■used to suggest something 
  （用于征求意见）…怎么样?
What about Lola - shall we invite her?   洛拉呢——我们该不该邀请她？
What about taking a few days off?   休假几天怎么样？UK determiner pronoun exclamation 
what if?  IMPROVER  
■used to ask about something that could happen in the future, especially something bad    如果（尤指糟糕的情况出现）会怎么样?
What if the train's late?   要是火车误点怎么办？
What if you don't pass your exams?   要是考试不及格怎么办？UK determiner pronoun exclamation 
What is/are he/she/it/they, etc. like?  IMPROVER  
■said to ask someone to describe someone or something to you    他／她／它／他们等是甚么样的?
What was her boyfriend like?   她男朋友长甚么样？
"What was the weather like?" "It rained all week."   “天气怎么样？”“整整一周都在下雨。”
You've seen their new house, haven't you? What's it like?   你已经看过他们的新房子了，是不是？是甚么样的？UK determiner pronoun exclamation 
What of it? informal 
■used to rudely say that you do not think something is important    那又怎么样呢？那又有甚么关系？
"That's the third time you've done that!" "Yeah, what of it?"   “你那样做已经是第三次了！”“是啊，那又怎么样呢？”UK determiner pronoun exclamation 
what's on 
■used to mean 'what is happening'. This phrase is often used as the title of the part of a newspaper which tells you about events and entertainment happening in the next week or month.    正在发生的事（常用在报纸的标题中，用来预告下周或下个月将发生的大事或娱乐事件）UK determiner pronoun exclamation 
What's that (all) about (then)? UK informal 
■used when you do not understand why something or someone is so popular or fashionable 
  （用于表示不理解为甚么某人或某物如此流行）那算是甚么?
Pierced tongues - what's that about, then?   在舌头上穿孔——那算是甚么？UK determiner pronoun exclamation 
What's up? informal 
■used to ask someone what the problem is    怎么了？出甚么事了？
What's up - why does everyone look so serious?   怎么了——为甚么大家看起来都那么严肃？
What's up with Terry?   特里怎么了？UK determiner pronoun exclamation 
  Common Learner Errors   what   Warning: check your word order!   When what is used in a main clause to ask a question, remember to put the verb before the subject:
✗ What you are doing this summer?   What are you doing this summer?   When what is used in a subordinate clause, do not put the verb before the subject:
✗ I'm writing to ask you what are you doing this summer.   I m writing to ask you what you are doing this summer.UK pronoun 
THAT WHICH  那样的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■the thing(s) which; that which 
  （作关系代词引导从句）…那样的；…的
What I wanted to find out first was how long it was going to take.   我首先想要搞清楚的是，它要花多长时间。
What really concerned her was how unhappy the child was.   她真正关心的是那孩子有多么不开心。
She wouldn't tell me what he said.   她不愿告诉我他说过甚么。
I hadn't got much money on me but I gave them what I had.   我身上没带多少钱，但我把带的钱都给他们了。
The letter showed clearly what they were planning.   这封信很清楚地说明了他们是在筹划甚么。
I can't decide what to do next.   我决定不下来下一步该做甚么。
Have you thought about what to send as a present?   你想过寄甚么礼物了吗？
 IMPROVER  
■used to introduce something you are going to say 
  （用于引出要说的话）
You'll never guess what - Laurie won first prize!   你永远也猜不到——劳里得了冠军。
I'll tell you what - we'll collect the parcel on our way to the station.   我告诉你——我们会在去车站的路上取包裹。UK pronoun 
and what have you informal 
■and other similar things    以及诸如此类的东西
There were a couple of bags full of old records, magazines and what have you.   那几个袋子装满了旧唱片、杂志之类的东西。UK pronoun 
what with informal 
■used to talk about the reasons for a particular situation, especially a bad or difficult situation 
  （尤指糟糕或困难的局面）因为，由于
I'm very tired, what with travelling all day yesterday and having a disturbed night.   我非常累，因为昨天旅行了一整天，而且晚上又被吵得没睡好。UK pronoun 
what / whatever sb says goes 
■What/whatever someone says goes means you have to do what they say    不管（某人）说甚么，都要按其说的去做
It was Helen's idea and what Helen says goes.   那是海伦的主意，她怎么说就怎么做。UK pronoun 
what's more 
■used to add something surprising or interesting to what you have just said    而且；更有意思（或惊人）的是
The decorations were absolutely beautiful and what's more, the children had made them themselves.   那些装饰绝对很漂亮，而且都是孩子们自己做的。UK pronoun 
  Common Learner Errors   what or which?   Warning: choose the correct pronoun!   To add extra information to a previous clause, don't say 'what', say which :
✗ I also speak English, what might be useful in this job.   I also speak English, which might be useful in this job.UK predeterminer determiner 
OPINION  观点  
■used to introduce your opinion 
  （用于引出自己的观点）
"She can't come." "What a shame/pity."   “她来不了。”“真遗憾。”
What a lovely view!   多美丽的景色啊！
What nonsense/rubbish!   一派胡言！
What strange clothes he was wearing.   他穿的衣服可真奇怪。UK pronoun exclamation informal 
QUESTION  疑问  
■used to ask someone to say something again 
  （用于请某人重复所说的话）
"I think we should leave at twelve." "What?" "I said I think we should leave at twelve."   “我觉得我们应该12点离开。”“甚么？”“我说我觉得我们应该12点离开。”



★☆☆   whatchamacallit
—————————————————
UK US  informal 
noun countable 
■used when you are speaking about something or someone whose name you can not remember    名叫甚么甚么的那个人，那个叫某某的东西（用于指记不起名字的人或物）
I need a - a whatchamacallit - one of those things that you can caramelize sugar with.   我需要一个——那个叫甚么来着——可以熔化糖的那个东西。



★☆☆   whatever
—————————————————
UK pronoun determiner 
NOT IMPORTANT WHAT  甚么并不重要  
 ESSENTIAL  
■it is not important what is; it makes no difference what (is)    不管怎样，无论甚么
We'll go whatever the weather.   无论天气怎样，我们都要去。
Whatever happens, you know that I'll stand by you.   你知道无论发生甚么事情，我都会支持你。
Whatever else may be said of him, Mr Meese is not scared of a fight.   无论别人还说他甚么，米斯先生并不害怕打上一架。
Whatever the outcome of the war, there will be no winners.   无论战争的结果如何，谁都不会是胜利者。
Whatever the reason, more Britons are emigrating to Australia today than at any time since the 1950s.   不论出于甚么原因，如今移民澳大利亚的英国人比20世纪50年代以来的任何时候都要多。UK pronoun determiner 
ANYTHING  任何事  
 IMPROVER  
■anything or everything    任何事物；任何东西
I eat whatever I want and I still don't seem to put on weight.   我想吃甚么就吃甚么，仍然不见体重有所增长。
"What shall we do tonight then?" "It's up to you - whatever you want."   “那我们今天晚上做甚么呢？”“由你决定──你想做甚么都可以。”
Whatever I say I always seem to get it wrong.   无论我说甚么，似乎总是说错。
Don't, whatever you do , tell Patrick or the world will know! (= You certainly should not tell Patrick!)   无论做甚么，千万别告诉派特里克，否则全世界就都会知道。
Do whatever you want - it won't affect me.   你想做甚么就做甚么吧——不会影响到我的。
"So I'll bring red wine then." "Sure, whatever (= bring that or anything else)."   “那么我就带红酒来。”“当然可以，带甚么都行。”
Apparently he 'discovered himself' in India, whatever that means (= although I do not know what that means).   显然他在印度“发现了自己”，不管那究竟意味着甚么。UK pronoun 
SURPRISE  惊讶  
■used instead of the word what to add emphasis to a phrase, usually expressing surprise 
  （用于代替 what，加以强调以表示惊讶）到底甚么，究竟是甚么
Whatever is he doing with that rod?   他拿着那根竿子，到底在做甚么？
Whatever's that yellow thing on your plate?   你盘子里那团黄色的东西到底是甚么？
Whatever did you say that for?   你说那种话到底是为了甚么？
Whatever does she see in him - he's revolting!   她究竟看中他甚么——他真令人反感！
Whatever made him buy that jacket?   他怎么买了那件外套？UK adverb 
EMPHASIS  强调  
■whatsoever 
There is no evidence whatever to show that this is in fact the case.   根本就没有任何证据显示这就是实际情况。UK adverb 
DISRESPECT  不尊敬     informal 
■something that is said to show no respect to someone who is asking you to agree with them or agree to do something 
  （用于对强迫自己同意其观点或做某事的人表示不尊敬）怎样都行，无所谓
"Bryce, could you do what I ask you to once in a while?" "Whatever."   “布赖斯，我要你做的事你能不能偶尔做一次？”“无所谓。”



★☆☆   whatnot
—————————————————
UK US  informal 
noun 
and whatnot/and what have you 
■and other similar things    以及诸如此类的东西
You can buy crisps and whatnot at the bar.   你可以在小吃店里买薯片及诸如此类的东西。
That'll leave you a bit of time so that you can get the table set and whatnot.   那会给你省出些时间，这样你可以摆摆桌子甚么的。



★☆☆   what's-her-name
—————————————————
UK US (also whatsername) informal 
noun only singular 
■used for referring to a woman or girl when you cannot remember or do not know her name    名叫某某的她，某个她（用于忘记女子的名字时）
I gave the report to what's-her-name - the new marketing assistant.   我把报告给了那个叫甚么来着——就是那个新的市场助理。



★☆☆   what's-his-name
—————————————————
(also whatsisname) UK noun only singular informal 
■used for referring to a man or boy when you cannot remember or do not know his name    名叫某某的他，某个他（用于忘记男子的名字时）
Have you invited Mike Whatsisname to the party?   你邀请那个叫麦克甚么甚么的来参加聚会了吗？



★☆☆   whatsit
—————————————————
UK US  informal 
noun countable 
■any object or person whose name you have temporarily forgotten or do not know    名叫某某的人，那个叫甚么的东西（用于忘记名字时）
Where's the whatsit that you change channels with?   你换频道用的那个叫甚么的东西哪里去了？
You'd better tell whatsit - what's his name - the guy in charge of stationery.   你最好告诉那个人——他叫甚么名字来着——就是那个负责管文具的人。



★☆☆   whatsoever
—————————————————
UK US (also whatever) 
adverb 
■used after a negative phrase to add emphasis to the idea that is being expressed 
  （用于否定句后表强调）无论怎样，丝毫，任何
He has no respect for authority whatsoever.   他对权威一点也不尊重。
I can honestly say that I have no interest whatsoever in the royal family.   我可以坦率地说，我对皇室毫无兴趣。
There is no evidence whatever to show that this is in fact the case.   根本就没有任何证据显示这就是实际情况。
"Had you any idea what was happening at the time?" "None whatsoever."   “你知道当时发生了甚么吗？”“根本不知道。”



★☆☆   wheat
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■a plant whose yellowish brown grain is used for making flour, or the grain itself    小麦
wheat fields   小麦田
Wheat is a staple crop for millions of people across the world.   小麦是一种为全世界亿万人提供主食的农作物。
⇨ See also whole wheatnoun uncountable 
separate the wheat from the chaff 
■to separate things or people that are of high quality or ability from those that are not    区别好坏；去芜存菁
The first round of interviews really separates the wheat from the chaff.   第一轮面试确实分出了优劣。



★☆☆   wheat germ 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the central part of a grain of wheat which is sometimes added to food, especially bread, because it contains substances which are good for the body    麦芽，小麦胚芽



★☆☆   wheatmeal
—————————————————
 UK 
noun uncountable 
■brown flour which contains some but not all of the outer covering and central part of the wheat grain    全麦面粉（包含部分小麦外皮和胚芽的面粉）
wheatmeal digestive biscuits   全麦消化饼干



★☆☆   wheedle
—————————————————
 disapproving 
verb intransitive transitive + adverb or preposition 
■to try to persuade someone to do something or give you something by praising them or being intentionally charming    哄骗；用花言巧语说服；诓骗
She's one of those children who can wheedle you into giving her anything she wants.   她是那种可以用甜言蜜语哄得你给她任何她想要的东西的孩子。
She wasn't invited, but somehow she managed to wheedle her way in.   她没有被邀请，可她不知怎么连哄带骗地混了进来。
I tried all manner of different approaches - I wheedled, threatened, demanded, cajoled.   各种办法我都试过了——连哄带骗、威逼利诱、强烈要求，都试过了。



★☆☆   wheel
—————————————————
noun 
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a circular object connected at the centre to a bar, which is used for making vehicles or parts of machines move    轮子；车轮
I got my bag caught in the wheel of my bicycle.   我的书包被绞进了脚踏车车轮里。
He lost control of his car when a front/rear wheel hit a stone as he approached the first bend.   在快到第一个转弯处时，他的汽车前／后轮碰到了一块石头，失去了控制。
⇨ See also Ferris wheel;flywheel;waterwheel
on wheels 
■Something that is on wheels has wheels under it so that it can be pulled or pushed along    装有轮子的
My suitcase is on wheels so that makes life a little easier.   我的旅行箱装有轮子，所以用起来省力一些。
I bought my niece one of those toy dogs on wheels.   我给我侄子买了个那种带轮子的玩具狗。
the wheel 
■a steering wheel (= a wheel inside a vehicle, which the driver turns to make the vehicle go in a particular direction) 
  （车辆的）方向盘
Keep your hands on the wheel!,   手不要离开方向盘！
I never feel safe with Richard at/behind the wheel (= driving).   李察开车我就从没有放过心。
Do you think you could take the wheel (= drive) for a couple of hours?   你能不能来开几个小时车？
countable 
■a wooden or metal wheel which is turned to make a ship go in a particular direction 
  （船的）舵轮
wheels [plural] old-fashioned informal 
■a car    汽车
I've got to get some wheels - this public transport system's a joke!   我得买辆车了——这公共交通系统真是糟糕！noun 
a fifth/third wheel US 
■someone who is in a situation where they are not needed or are ignored by most people    冗员，不需要的人；无足轻重的人noun 
set the wheels in motion 
■to do something which will cause a series of actions to start    使运作起来
I thought a phone call to the right person might set the wheels in motion.   我想，给管事的人打个电话或许就会起作用。noun 
wheels within wheels 
■hidden or unknown things that influence a particular situation, making it more complicated than it at first seems    错综复杂的事物verb 
PUSH  推  
transitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to push an object that has wheels so that it moves in a particular direction    推，推动（有轮子的东西）
I saw her last night wheeling a buggy along Green Lane.   昨天晚上，我看见她推着婴儿车沿着格林小道走过。
Halfway through the talk someone wheeled in a trolley laden with drinks.   会谈进行到一半，有人推进来一辆装满饮料的手推车。
Doctors put her on a respirator and wheeled her downstairs to intensive care.   医生给她戴上呼吸器，把她推到楼下的特别护理病房。verb 
FLY IN CIRCLES  盘旋  
intransitive 
■to fly repeatedly in a circular pattern    盘旋
She watched a flock of seagulls wheeling high above her.   她注视着一群在她头顶盘旋的海鸥。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] wheel sth out disapproving 
■to use something or someone that you have used many times before in a way that is boring for other people    反复使用（致使他人厌烦）；重施故技
Every time we have this argument you wheel out the same old statistics, and I'm still not convinced!   每次我们争论这个问题你都搬出那一套老掉牙的数据，我还是不服气！
Year after year they wheel out the same third-rate celebrities to entertain us.   年复一年，他们一直让那群三流明星为我们演出。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   wheel round UK (US wheel around) 
■to turn round quickly    快速转身
She wheeled round to face him and saw him take out a gun.   她快速转身面对他，看到他掏出了手枪。




★☆☆   wheel and deal
—————————————————
informal 
verb intransitive 
■to try to make a profit or get an advantage using clever or complicated methods and often deceiving people or breaking the usual rules 
  （为获利而）投机取巧，耍弄手腕
He spends his time wheeling and dealing on the stock exchange.   他把时间都花在股票交易的投机取巧上。



★☆☆   wheelbarrow
—————————————————
UK  US (also barrow) 
noun countable 
■a large open container for moving things in, which has a wheel at the front and two handles at the back, used especially in the garden 
  （尤指花园中的）手推车，独轮车



★☆☆   wheelbase
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■the distance between the front and the back wheels of a motor vehicle 
  （车辆前后轮的）轴距，轮组距



★☆☆   wheelchair
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a chair on wheels which people who are unable to walk use for moving around    轮椅
He spent the last ten years of his life in a wheelchair after a fall which left him paralysed from the waist down.   一次摔倒后，他腰部以下便瘫痪了，从此他在轮椅上渡过了人生的最后十年。
The building isn't designed very well from the point of view of wheelchair access.   在轮椅通道方面，这幢大楼设计得并不是太好。



★☆☆   wheel clamp
—————————————————
UK (US (Denver) boot) 
noun countable 
■a metal device fixed to the wheel of an illegally parked car which will only be removed when the owner pays an amount of money 
  （惩罚违规停车的）车轮固定夹
I hope we're not going to find a wheel clamp on my car when we get back.   希望我们回来时不会在车上发现一个车轮固定夹。



★☆☆   wheeler-dealer
—————————————————
UK US informal 
noun countable 
■someone who wheels and deals    投机取巧的人；耍手腕的人
He worked in the property business for a number of years, acquiring a reputation as a formidable wheeler-dealer.   他在房地产行业混了好些年，得了个不好对付、爱耍手腕的名声。



★☆☆   wheelie
—————————————————
 informal 
noun countable 
■an act of raising the front wheel of a bicycle off the ground and keeping it in the air while riding the bicycle 
  （骑脚踏车时，前轮抬起，只用后轮骑行的）后轮平衡特技
I can do great wheelies on this bike.   我骑这辆车能表演精彩的后轮平衡特技。



★☆☆   wheelie bin 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a container for rubbish which has wheels so that it can be moved easily    带轮垃圾筒
We put our wheelie bin out to be emptied every Thursday morning.   每周四早晨我们都把带轮垃圾筒放到外面，等待清空。



★☆☆   wheeze
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
■to make a high, rough noise while breathing because of some breathing difficulty 
  （因呼吸困难而）发出粗重的呼吸声，喘息，发出呼哧呼哧声
I could hear the old man behind me wheezing.   我能听到身后的老人呼哧呼哧的喘气声。
I know when I've been smoking too much because I start to wheeze when I run for a train.   我知道自己抽烟太多，因为我在跑着赶火车时开始会喘了。noun countable 
PLAN  计划     UK old-fashioned informal 
■a clever and often unusual idea or plan, especially one which is intended to achieve a profit or some other advantage 
  （尤指为获利而想出的）巧计，计谋
As a part of their latest marketing wheeze they've planted fifty-pound notes in a number of the crisp packets.   作为最新的市场行销手段的一部分，他们将50英镑的钞票放进了一些炸薯片的包装里。
So the public actually pay to feed the animals in the zoo? That seems like a good wheeze.   那么人们实际上是花钱来喂动物园里的动物？这听起来像个好主意。
I've had a wheeze - why don't we put both kids in the small room and that will leave the back room free.   我有个主意——为甚么不把两个孩子放在那间小一点的屋子里，这样后面的屋子就可以空出来了。noun countable 
BREATH  呼吸  
■a high, rough noise made when someone cannot breathe easily 
  （因呼吸困难而）发出粗重的呼吸声，喘息，发出呼哧呼哧声
The cough, wheeze and shortness of breath are things that go with smoking, not with age.   咳嗽、气喘和气短不是因为上了年纪，而是因为吸烟引起的。



★☆☆   whelk
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a soft sea animal, similar to a snail, that lives in a hard shell    蛾螺



★☆☆   when
—————————————————
adverb conjunction 
 ESSENTIAL  
■at what time; at the time at which    甚么时候，何时
"I did tell you about it." "When? I don't remember."   “我确实告诉过你这件事。”“甚么时候？我不记得了。”
When are you going?   你甚么时候走？
When's the baby due?   婴儿会在甚么时候出生？
We'll go when you're ready.   你准备好了，我们就出发。
Tell me when to start.   告诉我甚么时候开始。
Ask him when he's next coming home.   问问他下次甚么时候回家。
When do you expect to have the project completed (by) ?   你预计这个专案计划甚么时候完成？
She was only twenty when she had her first baby.   她生第一个孩子时只有20岁。
He was quite shocked when I told him.   我告诉他时，他非常震惊。
I hate it when there's no one in the office.   我讨厌办公室里一个人也没有。
I went there when I was a child.   我小时候去过那里。
I was just getting into the bath when the telephone rang.   我正要洗澡，电话响了。adverb conjunction 
  Common Learner Errors   when   Remember: if you are using when to talk about something happening in the future, use the present simple tense.   Don't say 'when sth will happen', say when something happens :
✗ Say 'hello' to Sarah for me when you will see her.   Say 'hello' to Sarah for me when you see her.   However, if a clause beginning with when is the object of the sentence, it is possible to use 'will':   I don't know when I will see Sarah again.adverb conjunction 
  Common Learner Errors   when or if?   Warning: choose the correct conjunction!   To talk about a situation that is not certain but may be true, or may be possible in the future, don't say 'when', say if :
✗ It would be better for the environment when everyone cycled to work.   It would be better for the environment if everyone cycled to work.pronoun 
■what/which time    甚么时候，何时
"Did you know Lucy was back in England?" "Is she - since when?"   “你知道露西已经回到英格兰了吗？”“是吗──甚么时候？”pronoun 
since when 
■used angrily in speech to ask someone why they believe a situation to be different from how it really is 
  （表示愤怒地质问为甚么情况会不同了）从甚么时候起
Since when did you have the right to tell me what to do?   从甚么时候起你开始有权对我指手划脚？conjunction 
CONSIDERING THAT  考虑到  
 ESSENTIAL  
■considering the fact that    当…时；考虑到
How can you say you don't like something when you've never even tried it!   你连试都没试过，怎么能说不喜欢呢？
You can't complain of being lonely when you don't make any effort to meet people.   你自己不主动去认识别人，又怎么能抱怨孤独呢？
Why is she training to be a teacher when she doesn't even like children?   她既然连孩子都不喜欢，为甚么要去接受培训当老师呢？
I don't suppose I can really call myself a vegetarian when I eat fish.   因为我吃鱼，所以我觉得不能称自己为真正的素食主义者。conjunction 
ALTHOUGH  尽管  
 ESSENTIAL  
■despite the fact that    尽管；可是；但是
He says he hasn't got any money when in fact he's got thousands of dollars in his account.   他说自己一分钱也没有，可实际上他的银行帐户里有几千美元。
I don't understand how he can say that everything's fine when it's so obvious that it's not.   我不明白他为甚么要说一切都很好，实际情况显然并非如此。



★☆☆   whence
—————————————————
 formal 
adverb conjunction 
■(from) where    从那里
It has been returned to the shop from whence it came.   已经把它退还给原商店了。



★☆☆   whenever
—————————————————
UK adverb conjunction 
 IMPROVER  
■every or any time    每当，无论何时
I blush whenever I think about it.   每当我想到它就会脸红。
Whenever I go there they seem to be in bed.   每次我去那里，他们似乎都在睡觉。
I try to use olive oil whenever possible.   我尽可能使用橄榄油。
"Will it be okay if I do it tomorrow?" "Sure, whenever (= then or at any other time)."   “我明天做行不行？”“当然可以，甚么时候都行。”
Do it in a spare moment at the weekend or whenever - it really doesn't matter.   在周末或其他别的甚么空闲时间做都行——真的没关系。
I'm talking about last July or whenever it was you got back from India.   我正在谈论你从印度回来的时间，去年七月还是其他甚么时候。UK adverb 
■used instead of 'when' to add emphasis to a phrase, usually expressing surprise    究竟甚么时候，到底甚么时候（用于代替 when 以加强语气，表示惊讶）
Whenever do you get the time to do these things?   你到底甚么时候有时间做这些事情？
Whenever did Jane see a fortune teller?   简究竟甚么时候找过算命先生？



★☆☆   where
—————————————————
UK adverb conjunction 
 ESSENTIAL  
■to, at or in what place    去哪里；在哪里
Where does he live?   他住在哪里？
"I put it on your desk." "Where? I can't see it?"   “我把它放在你书桌上了。”“在哪里？我怎么没看到？”
Where are we going?   我们要去哪里？
Now where did I put my glasses?   我把眼镜放在哪里了？
Where's the party being held?   聚会在哪里举行？
Could you tell me where Barker Drive is please?   你能告诉我巴克大街怎么走吗？
Where did you put my umbrella?   你把我的雨伞放在哪里了？
I've left my keys somewhere and I don't know where.   我把锁匙放在甚么地方了，我想不起来放哪里了。
You've found my diary - where on Earth was it?   你找到我的日记——它到底在哪里呢？
I've been meaning to ask you where you get your hair cut.   我一直想问你是在甚么地方剪的头发。
Bradford, where Bren comes from, has a lot of good curry restaurants.   布拉德福德，布伦的家乡，有很多不错的咖喱饭店。
She lived in Rome for a couple of years, where she taught English.   她在罗马生活了几年，其间在那里教英语。
You see where Mira is standing? Well, he's behind her.   你看到米拉站在哪里了吗？嗯，他在她的后面。
I like to have him next to me where I can keep an eye on him.   我想让他跟着我，这样我就可以顺便照顾他了。
I read it somewhere - I don't know where (= in which book, newspaper, etc.).   我在甚么地方读过——我不记得是在哪里了。
 ESSENTIAL  
■used when referring to a particular stage in a process or activity    处于某种阶段；到了某种地步
You reach a point in any project where you just want to get the thing finished.   做任何专案计划时都会有那么一个阶段，就是只想赶快完成。
I've reached the stage where I just don't care any more.   我已经到了甚么也不再在乎的地步了。
 ESSENTIAL  
■in what situation    处于何种情况
You're not available on the 12th and Andrew can't make the 20th - so where does that leave us?   你12号没时间，而安德鲁20号不行——那我们还能选哪个时间呢？
Where do you see yourself five years from now?   你觉得自己五年之后会是甚么样？UK adverb conjunction 
be where it's at slightly old-fashioned 
■to be very fashionable and popular    非常时髦；非常流行
In the classical music world these days, authentic instruments are where it's at.   在当今的古典音乐界，原生乐器备受青睐。UK adverb conjunction 
know/see where sb is coming from 
■If you say to someone you know or see where they are coming from, you mean you understand why they have a particular opinion, often although you do not have that opinion.    明白／知道（某人）为甚么会那样想
I could see where they were coming from when they started quoting the Bible at me.   当他们开始引用《圣经》时，我就明白他们为甚么那样想了。UK adverb conjunction 
  Common Learner Errors   where or were?   Warning: Choose the right word!   These two words look similar, but they are spelled differently and have completely different meanings.UK adverb conjunction 
  Common Learner Errors   where or when?   Warning: choose the correct conjunction!   When using a relative clause to talk about what happened at a particular time, don't say 'where', say when :
✗ I worked there until 2001, where the company went bankrupt.   I worked there until 2001, when the company went bankrupt.UK adverb conjunction 
  Common Learner Errors   where   Warning: check your word order!   When where is used in a main clause to ask a question, the verb comes before the subject:   Where is the nearest hospital?   When where is used in a subordinate clause to talk about what place something is at/in, or moving towards, do not put the verb before the subject:
✗ I don't know where is the nearest hospital.   I don't know where the nearest hospital is.



★☆☆   whereabouts 
—————————————————
noun uncountable [+ sing/pl verb] UK US US [ˌwer.ə-/
■in what part or area    在何处
Whereabouts in Madrid do you live?   你住在马德里甚么地方？
Whereabouts is your office, then?   那么你的办公室在哪里？



★☆☆   whereas
—————————————————
UK conjunction 
 IMPROVER  
■compared with the fact that; but    尽管；但是；却
He must be about sixty, whereas his wife looks about thirty.   他肯定有60岁上下了，可他妻子看起来只有30岁。
You eat a massive plate of food for lunch, whereas I have just a sandwich.   你午饭吃了一大盘东西，可我只吃了个三明治。



★☆☆   whereby
—————————————————
UK adverb conjunction 
■by which way or method    由此，从而；藉以
They've set up a plan whereby you can spread the cost over a period.   他们已经制订了这样一个计划，允许在一段时间内分期付款。
We need to devise some sort of system whereby people can liaise with each other.   我们需要设计一套办法，人们能够藉以互相保持联络。
■not standard 
■in which, or with which    在…的情况下；处于…的位置
It's put me in a position whereby I can't afford to take a job.   这使我到了一种连工作也做不了的地步。



★☆☆   wherefores
—————————————————
UK plural noun 
■see the whys and (the) wherefores at why .



★☆☆   wherein
—————————————————
UK US  old use or formal 
adverb conjunction 
■in which, or in which part    在哪方面，在哪里
He gazed once more around the room, wherein were assembled his entire family.   他再一次环视房间，他全家人都在那里。
He was certainly a pleasant man but wherein lay his charms, she wondered.   他无疑是个讨人喜欢的人，但她不知他的魅力何在。



★☆☆   wheresoever
—————————————————
UK adverb conjunction    formal for 
■wherever (EVERY PLACE) 



★☆☆   whereupon
—————————————————
UK conjunction 
■immediately after which    不久之后；马上；于是
I told her she looked fat, whereupon she threw the entire contents of a saucepan at me and burst into tears.   我告诉她她看上去很胖，她马上把一整锅饭菜都朝我摔过来，然后放声大哭。



★☆☆   wherever
—————————————————
UK adverb conjunction 
 IMPROVER  
■to or in any or every place    无论到（或在）哪里；无论甚么地方
We can go wherever you like.   你想去哪里，我们就去哪里。
Wherever I go I always seem to bump into him.   无论去哪里，我似乎总是能碰见他。
All across Europe, wherever you look, marriage is in decline and divorce rates are soaring.   整个欧洲，无论在甚么地方，结婚率都在下降，而离婚率却在猛升。
Wherever you choose to live there are always going to be disadvantages.   无论你选择在哪里居住，都会有不利之处。
He lives, apparently, in Little Overington, wherever that is.   显然他住在小欧佛云顿，管它到底在甚么地方呢。
 IMPROVER  
■in every case    在任何情况下
Wherever possible I use honey instead of sugar.   只要有可能，我就用蜂蜜来代替糖。UK adverb 
■used instead of 'where' to add emphasis to a phrase, usually expressing surprise 
  （用于代替 where 加以强调，通常表示惊讶）究竟在哪里；究竟到哪里
Wherever did you find that hat!   你究竟是在哪里找到那顶帽子的！
Wherever did you get that idea!   你究竟是怎么想到那个主意的！
Wherever does he get the money from to go on all these exotic journeys?   出国旅行这么多次，他究竟是从哪里弄到的钱？



★☆☆   whet
—————————————————
 (-tt-)
verb 
INTEREST  兴趣  
whet sb's appetite 
■to increase someone's interest in and wish for something, usually by giving them a small experience of it    勾起（某人）的兴趣；增加（某人）的欲望
I've read an excerpt of the book on the Web and it's whetted my appetite.   我在网上读过这部书的节选，引起了我强烈的兴趣。
That one kiss had whetted his appetite.   那个吻激起了他的欲望。 (-tt-)
verb 
SHARPEN  使锋利  
   transitive old use 
■to sharpen the blade of a knife or similar tool    磨，把…磨锋利
He whetted his knife against the stone.   他在石头上磨刀。



★☆☆   whether
—————————————————
UK conjunction 
 ESSENTIAL  
■(used especially in reporting questions and expressing doubts) if, or not 
  （尤用于转述问题或表达疑问）是否
I wasn't sure whether you'd like it.   我不肯定你是否喜欢它。
She asked me whether I was interested in working for her.   她问我是否有兴趣为她工作。
I'm wondering whether to have the fish or the beef.   我正在考虑是吃鱼还是吃牛肉。
I doubt whether it'll work.   我怀疑这是否能起作用。
I was merely questioning whether we have the money to fund such a project.   我只是想问问我们有没有钱来资助这样一个专案计划。
It all depends on whether or not she's got the time.   这完全取决于她是否有时间。
Anyway, it's a good story, whether or not it's true.   不管怎么说，这是一个不错的说法，无论它是真是假。
whether...or 
 ESSENTIAL  
■(used to introduce two or more possibilities) it is not important if 
  （用于引出两种或多种可能性）不管…还是…；或者…或者…
I'm going, whether she likes it or not.   不管她高不高兴，我都要走。
Someone's got to tell her, whether it's you or me.   总得有人告诉她，不论是你还是我。
Let's face it - you're going to be late whether you go by bus or train.   让我们面对现实吧——不论你是乘公共汽车还是坐火车，都会迟到的。UK conjunction 
  Common Learner Errors   whether   Warning: Check your spelling!   Whether is one of the 50 words most often spelled wrongly by learners.   Remember: the correct spelling has 'h' after the 'w'.



★☆☆   whetstone
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a stone used for sharpening the blades of knives or other cutting tools    磨刀石



★☆☆   Whew!
—————————————————
 informal 
exclamation 
■Phew! 



★☆☆   whey
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the watery part of milk which is separated from the solid curds during the process of making cheese    乳清（制造起司时分离出的含水成分）



★☆☆   which
—————————————————
determiner pronoun 
QUESTION  问题  
 ESSENTIAL  
■(used in questions and structures in which there is a fixed or limited set of answers or possibilities) what one or ones 
  （用于答案数目固定或有限的问题中）哪个；哪些
Which party would you prefer to go to - Anna's or Ian's ?   你更想去哪个聚会——安娜的还是伊恩的？
Which doctor did you see - Sewards?   你看的是哪一位医生——西沃兹医生吗？
Which time suits you better - 12.30 or one o'clock?   哪个时间你更方便——12点半还是1点？
"Jacinta was there with her boyfriend." "Which one? She's got several."   “哈辛塔和她的男朋友在那边。”“哪个男朋友？她有好几个。”
Which is mine? The smaller one?   哪个是我的？小一点的这个？
See if you can guess which one is me in my old school photo.   看看你能否看出上学时的老照片中哪个是我。
It's either Spanish or Portuguese that she speaks, but I've forgotten which.   她说的要么是西班牙语，要么是葡萄牙语，我忘了是哪一种了。
Which of the desserts did you have?   你吃的是哪一种甜品？
Which of your parents do you feel closer to?   你觉得跟父母哪一方更亲近？
  Common Learner Errors   which or what?   Warning: choose the correct pronoun!   'Which' is used when the question is about a choice between a limited number of things:   Which is your favourite subject - maths or geography?   If the question is about a choice between a number of things that is not known or mentioned, don't say 'which', say what
✗ Which is your favourite subject?   What is your favourite subject?determiner pronoun 
ADDS INFORMATION  补充资讯  
 ESSENTIAL  
■used to add extra information to a previous clause, in writing usually after a comma 
  （用于为前面的从句补充额外资讯，书面英语中通常用于逗号之后）那个，那些，那种情况
That bar on Milton Street, which by the way is very nice, is owned by Trevor's brother.   米尔顿大街上的那家酒吧，顺便提一句那里非常棒，是特雷弗的哥哥开的。
She says it's Charlotte's fault, which is rubbish, and that she blames her.   她说那是夏洛特的错，真是一派胡言，竟然还责怪她。
Anyway, that evening, which I'll tell you more about later, I ended up staying at Rachel's place.   总之，那天夜里我住在了雷切尔那里，我以后会告诉你更多那天晚上的事。
It's the third in a sequence of three books, the first of which I really enjoyed.   这是那套系列书里的第三本，该系列共有三本，我非常喜欢其中的第一本。
He showed me round the town, which was very kind of him.   他带我参观了这个城镇，他真是太好了。
The picking of the fruit, for which work they receive no money, takes about a week.   采摘水果，这项工作没有工资，大约花一周时间。determiner pronoun 
  Common Learner Errors   which   Warning: Check your spelling!   Which is one of the 50 words most often spelled wrongly by learners.   Remember: the correct spelling has 'h' after 'w'.pronoun 
USED TO REFER  用于提及  
 ESSENTIAL  
■used as the subject or object of a verb to show what thing or things you are referring to, or to add information about the thing just mentioned. It is usually used for things, not people 
  （用作动词的主语或受词，指代所提及的事物，或为刚提到的事物补充资讯，通常不用于指人）
These are principles which we all believe in.   这些是我们所有人都坚信的原则。
You know that little Italian restaurant - the one which I mentioned in my letter?   你知道那家义大利小餐馆——就是我在信里提到过的那家？
Is that the film in which he kills his mother?   这是那部他杀死了自己妈妈的电影吗？
The death of his son was an experience from which he never fully recovered.   他再也不能从儿子死亡的打击中完全恢复过来。
It isn't a subject to which I devote a great deal of thought.   这不是个让我花费很多心思去思考的问题。pronoun 
which is which 
■used in expressions that relate to being able to see the difference between two very similar things or people    哪个是哪个（用于区分两个相似的人或物时）
For the first few months the babies looked so alike I couldn't tell which was which.   头几个月里，婴儿长得都很像，以至于我分不清哪个是哪个。pronoun 
  Common Learner Errors   which or who?   Warning : choose the correct pronoun!   'Which' is usually used for things, not people.   To add information about the person or people just mentioned, don't say 'which', say who :   I met a girl called Marcia who had just finished college.



★☆☆   whichever
—————————————————
UK determiner pronoun 
 ADVANCED  
■any one from a limited set 
  （有限数目中的）任何一个
We can go to the seven o'clock performance or the eight - whichever suits you best.   我们可以去看七点或八点的演出——选一个你最方便的时间。
Either Thursday or Friday - choose whichever day is best for you.   星期四或星期五都行——选一个你最方便的日子。UK determiner 
 ADVANCED  
■it is not important which    无论哪个；无论哪些
It's going to be expensive whichever way you do it.   无论你采用甚么方法，代价都会非常高昂。
Whichever option we choose there'll be disadvantages.   无论我们选哪个都会有不利之处。



★☆☆   whiff
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a slight smell, carried on a current of air    一阵气味，一股味道
He leaned towards me and I caught/got a whiff of garlic.   他向我靠过来，我闻到一股大蒜的味道。
During the first few months of pregnancy the slightest whiff of food cooking made my stomach turn.   怀孕的最初几个月，闻到一点点做饭的味道就会让我反胃。
a whiff of sth 
■a slight sign of something    一点点，些许
They regularly hold elections without a whiff of corruption or violence.   他们定期举行选举，其中毫无腐败或暴力的成分。



★☆☆   whiffy
—————————————————
 UK informal 
adjective 
■smelling unpleasant    气味难闻的
He hadn't showered for a couple of days and was starting to get whiffy.   他好几天没洗澡了，身上开始散发出难闻的味道。



★☆☆   Whig
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a member of a British political party in the 17th, 18th and 19th centuries, which supported political and social change    辉格党党员（17至19世纪英国政治党派成员，支持政治和社会变革）



★☆☆   while
—————————————————
conjunction 
DURING  在…期间  
 ESSENTIAL  (mainly UK formal whilst) 
■during the time that, or at the same time as    在…的时候；与…同时
I read it while you were drying your hair.   在你吹亁头发的时候，我读了它。
While I was in Italy I went to see Alessandro.   在义大利的时候，我去看望了亚历山德罗。
I thought I heard him come in while we were having dinner.   我想在我们吃饭的时候，我听见他进来了。
"I'm going to the post office." "While you're there can you get me some stamps?"   “我要去邮局。”“你去的时候帮我买些邮票好吗？”conjunction 
ALTHOUGH  尽管  
 ESSENTIAL  (mainly UK formal whilst) 
■despite the fact that; although    虽然；尽管
While I accept that he's not perfect in many respects, I do actually quite like the man.   虽然我承认他在很多方面不是那么完美，但我实际上还是非常喜欢这个男人。
While I fully understand your point of view, I do also have some sympathy with Michael's.   尽管我能完全理解你的观点，但我在一定程度上也赞同麦克的观点。conjunction 
BUT  但是  
 IMPROVER  
■compared with the fact that; but    然而；但是
He gets fifty thousand pounds a year while I get a meagre twenty!   他每年赚五万英镑，而我只有可怜的两万！
Tom is very extrovert and confident while Katy's shy and quiet.   汤姆性格外向，非常自信，而凯蒂却羞涩文静。
I do every single bit of housework while he just does the dishes now and again.   样样家务我都要做，而他却只是偶尔洗洗碗而已。noun 
a while 
 IMPROVER  
■a length of time    一会儿；一段时间
I only stayed for a short while.   我就逗留了一小会。
You were there quite a while (= a long time) , weren't you?   你在那里留了很长时间，是不是？
"When did that happen?" "Oh, it was a while ago (= a long time ago).   “那是甚么时候发生的？”“噢，是很久之前了。”
I haven't seen him for a while (= for a long time).   我已经很久没见到他了。
I'll be fine in a while (= soon).   我很快就会好的。
⇨ See also worthwhilenoun 
all the while 
■for all of a period of time    整段时间；一直
There I was thinking you were hard at work and you were upstairs in bed all the while!   我以为你在努力工作，可你却一直在楼上躺着！verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] while sth away 
■to spend time in a relaxed way because you have nothing to do or you are waiting for something else to happen    消磨时间；轻松渡过
We whiled away the afternoon playing cards in front of the fire.   我们下午坐在炉火边打牌来消磨时间。
That's the bar where Sara and I used to while away the hours between lectures.   我和莎拉课间就在那家小吃店消磨时间。




★☆☆   whim
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a sudden wish or idea, especially one that cannot be reasonably explained    突然的念头，冲动
We booked the holiday on a whim.   我们一冲动就预订了假日游。
You can add what you like to this mixture - brandy, whisky or nothing at all - as the whim takes you.   你可以在这种混合饮料里加入任何你喜欢的东西——白兰地、威士卡或甚么也不加——全看你自己。
Oh for a husband who would indulge my every whim!   啊，我多么想有一个对我百依百顺的丈夫呀！



★☆☆   whimper
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive 
■(especially of an animal) to make a series of small, weak sounds, expressing pain or unhappiness 
  （尤指动物因疼痛或不高兴而）呜咽，抽泣
A half-starved dog lay in the corner, whimpering pathetically.   一只饿得半死的狗趴在角落里，可怜地呜咽着。
I said she couldn't have an ice cream and she started to whimper.   我说不给她买霜淇淋吃，她就开始抽声哭泣。



★☆☆   whimsical
—————————————————
adjective 
■unusual and strange in a way that might be funny or annoying    离奇的；古怪的；异想天开的
a whimsical tale   离奇的故事
Despite his kindly, sometimes whimsical air, he was a shrewd observer of people.   尽管他为人和善，有时也有些古怪，但对人观察很敏锐。



★☆☆   whimsy
—————————————————
 disapproving 
noun countable or uncountable 
■something that is intended to be strange and humorous but in fact has little real meaning or value 
  （无意义或无价值的）古怪事物；异想天开的东西
Personally I've always considered mime to be a lot of whimsy.   我个人一直认为哑剧就是瞎胡闹。



★☆☆   whine
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
■to make a long, high, sad sound    发出哀鸣；发出哀叫声
Leon's dog was sitting by the door whining, so I thought I'd better take it for a walk.   利昂的狗蹲在门口呜呜直叫，所以我觉得最好带它散散步。
■disapproving 
■If you whine, especially as a child, you complain or express disappointment or unhappiness repeatedly 
  （尤指小孩）不停地嘀咕，哼哼唧唧
Alice, if you carry on whining like that I won't take you - do you understand!   爱丽斯，如果你继续那样嘀嘀咕咕，我就不带你了——明白了吧！noun countable usually singular 
■an unpleasant high sound or voice    刺耳的尖声
the whine of a circular saw   圆锯刺耳的尖声
She delivered the speech in a high-pitched nasal whine.   她演讲时声音尖锐刺耳，鼻音很重。



★☆☆   whiner
—————————————————
UK US disapproving 
noun countable 
■a person, especially a child, who complains or expresses disappointment or unhappiness repeatedly    哼哼唧唧的人，总是抱怨的人（尤指孩子）



★☆☆   whinge
—————————————————
 (whingeing or whinging)    UK informal disapproving 
verb intransitive 
■to complain, especially about something which does not seem important 
  （尤指为琐事）抱怨，发牢骚
Oh stop whinging, for heaven's sake!   哎哟，看在老天爷的份上，你就别抱怨了！
She's always whingeing (on) about something.   她总是在发牢骚。



★☆☆   whinger
—————————————————
UK US UK informal disapproving 
noun countable 
■a person who complains repeatedly    总是发牢骚的人
His friend Jon is such a whinger.   他的朋友乔恩真是个爱发牢骚的人。



★☆☆   whinny
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
■(of a horse) to make a soft, high sound 
  （马）嘶叫，嘶鸣
A horse whinnied into the cold morning.   一匹马的嘶叫声穿透了寒冷的清晨。



★☆☆   whip
—————————————————
noun 
DEVICE FOR HITTING  击打的器具  
 countable 
■a piece of leather or rope which is fastened to a stick, used for hitting animals or people    鞭子，皮鞭
She lashed the horses mercilessly with her long whip.   她毫不留情地用长鞭抽打马匹。
The lion-tamer cracked his whip.   驯狮员打了个响鞭。noun 
POLITICS  政治  
countable 
■(in many elected political systems) a member of a political party in parliament or in the legislature whose job is to make certain that other party members are present at voting time and also to make certain that they vote in a particular way 
  （政党在议会或立法机关中监督该党其他党员在投票时出席并按规定投票的）组织秘书，党鞭
Hargreaves is the MP who got into trouble with his party's chief whip for opposing the tax reform.   哈格里夫斯就是那位因反对税收改革而与其党内的组织秘书产生矛盾的议员。
countable 
■in British politics, a written order demanding that party members be present in parliament when there is to be an important vote or demanding that they vote in a particular way 
  （英国政界的）投票书面通知（通知该党其他党员出席议会并按规定投票）
In 1970 he defied the three-line (= most urgent) whip against EC membership.   1970年，他公然违抗反对加入欧共体的紧急投票通知。noun 
SWEET FOOD  甜食  
countable or uncountable 
■a sweet food made from cream or beaten egg mixed together with fruit 
  （用鸡蛋、鲜奶油与水果混合制成的）甜品noun 
have / hold the whip hand 
■to be the person or group that has the most power in a situation    成为掌权者；处于支配地位
During the last decade the right wing of the party has held the whip hand.   过去的十年里，一直是该党的右翼掌权。verb (-pp-)
DO QUICKLY  快速行动／移动  
transitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to bring or take something quickly    迅速拿来；快速拿走
She whipped a handkerchief out of her pocket and wiped his face.   她迅速从口袋里掏出一块手绢，擦了擦他的脸。
He whipped the covers off the bed.   他一把把床罩从床上揭了下来。
I was going to pay but before I knew it he'd whipped out his credit card.   本来我打算付帐，可我还没明白过来，他就掏出了他的信用卡。
They whipped my plate away before I'd even finished.   我还没吃完，他们就把我的碟子收走了。
intransitive or transitive [+ adv/prep] literary 
■to (cause something to) move quickly and forcefully 
  （使…）快速移动
The wind whipped across the half-frozen lake.   风刮过半结冰的湖面。
A fierce, freezing wind whipped torrential rain into their faces.   一阵冰冷的狂风卷着暴雨砸在他们脸上。verb (-pp-)
BEAT FOOD  搅打食物  
transitive 
■to beat food, especially cream with a special utensil in order to make it thick and firm    搅打（尤指鲜奶油）使成糊状
Could you whip the cream for me?   你能帮我搅打一下鲜奶油吗？
Try whipping a little brandy or other liqueur into the cream.   试着将一些白兰地或其他酒类搅进鲜奶油里。
Top with whipped cream and a sprinkle of sugar.   浇上掼鲜奶油并撒上些糖。verb (-pp-)
HIT  打  
transitive 
■to hit a person or animal with a whip    鞭打，鞭笞
I don't like the way the drivers whip their horses.   我不喜欢马车车夫那样鞭打马匹。verb (-pp-)
STEAL  偷  
transitive UK old-fashioned informal 
■to steal something    偷盗，盗取verb (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   whip sb into sth 
■If you whip someone into a particular state, you quickly and effectively cause them to be in that state    使（某人）快速进入（某种状态）
Karl Smith, the 19-year old singer, had whipped the crowd of teenage girls into a frenzy merely by removing his shirt.   卡尔．史密斯，那位19岁的歌手，脱了一件衬衫就让女孩们疯狂起来。
The prime minister's final speech had the desired effect, whipping his party into a patriotic fervour.   首相最后的演讲取得了预期的效果，在他的政党内激起了一股爱国热潮。verb (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] whip sth up 
EMOTION     mainly disapproving 
■to encourage or cause people to have strong feelings about something    煽动；激起
She criticized the government for trying to whip up anti-German prejudice.   她批评政府试图煽动反德国的偏见。
He was trying to whip up some enthusiasm for the project.   他正在试图煽动人们对这个专案计划的狂热。
FOOD     informal 
■to make food or a meal very quickly and easily    赶出来（一顿饭），迅速做（饭）
I think I've just about got enough time to whip up an omelette.   我看我只有匆匆做个煎蛋饼的时间。




★☆☆   whiplash
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a neck injury caused by a sudden forward movement of the upper body, especially in a car accident 
  （尤指在汽车事故中的）鞭抽式扭伤，颈椎过度屈伸损伤
a whiplash injury   颈部扭伤



★☆☆   whippersnapper
—————————————————
UK US old-fashioned or humorous 
noun countable 
■a young person who is too confident and shows no respect towards other, especially older, people    妄自尊大的年轻人，自命不凡的年轻人
I'm not going to have some young whippersnapper tell me what to do!   我可不需要甚么不知天高地厚的年轻人来告诉我应该做甚么！



★☆☆   whippet
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a thin dog, like a small greyhound , often used for racing 
  （赛跑用的）小灵狗



★☆☆   whipping
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■the punishment of being hit by a whip 
  （作为惩罚的）鞭打，鞭笞



★☆☆   whipping boy 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■someone or something that is blamed or punished for problems that are caused by someone or something else    替罪羊，代人受过者



★☆☆   whip-round
—————————————————
 UK informal 
noun countable usually singular 
■a collection of money made by a group of people which is then given to a particular person or used to buy a present for them    份子钱，凑钱
We usually have a whip-round at work for people who are leaving.   在公司，我们通常凑钱为离职的人买礼物。



★☆☆   whirl
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive or transitive 
■to (cause something to) turn around in circles 
  （使…）旋转；（使…）回旋转
She saw a mass of bodies whirling round on the dance floor.   她看到一大群人的身影在舞池里旋转。
He stepped out into the night and the whirling snow.   他走出来，融入夜色与飞旋的雪花之中。
He whirled her round until she felt quite sick.   他带着她旋转，直到她觉得非常恶心。UK verb intransitive or transitive 
head/mind is whirling 
■If your head/mind is whirling, your mind is full of thoughts and images and you are so excited that you cannot relax.    脑子充满想法；头脑非常兴奋UK noun 
ACTIVITY  活动  
only singular 
■a continuous and exciting period of activity    接连不断的某种活动
The next two days passed in a whirl of activity.   接下来的两天，接连不断地举行了很多活动。
I found myself swept up in the social whirl of college life and scarcely had time for work.   我发现自己接连不断地参加大学里的社交活动，几乎没有时间用功学习。UK noun 
TURN  回转  
countable usually singular 
■when something turns around in circles    旋转；回旋
a whirl of snow   雪花的飞旋UK noun 
be in a whirl 
■to be excited and confused and unable to think clearly    思绪混乱UK noun 
give it a whirl informal 
■to attempt to do something, often for the first time 
  （常指初次）尝试做
I've never danced salsa before but I'll give it a whirl.   我以前从未跳过萨尔萨舞，但我要尝试一下。



★☆☆   whirligig
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■something that is full of fast activity and always changing    快速运动的事物；不断变化的事物
By June of this year the whirligig of politics had kicked the Conservatives out and put the Liberal Democrats in.   到今年的六月，政治上的风云变幻已经将保守党踢出去，自由民主党上台执政。



★☆☆   whirlpool
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a small area of the sea or other water in which there is a powerful, circular current of water which can pull objects down into its centre    漩涡



★☆☆   whirlwind
—————————————————
UK noun countable (US also twister) 
■a tall column of spinning air which moves across the surface of the land or sea    旋风UK adjective [before noun] 
■describes an event that happens very fast, and often unexpectedly 
  （事件）旋风般的，飞快的
They married three months after they met - it was a real whirlwind romance.   他们认识三个月后就结婚了——真是旋风式的恋爱。
a whirlwind tour/visit   旋风式的旅行／拜访



★☆☆   whirlybird
—————————————————
UK US  US old-fashioned 
noun countable 
■helicopter 



★☆☆   whirr
—————————————————
(mainly US whir (-rr-)) UK verb intransitive 
■(especially of machines) to make a low, soft, continuous sound 
  （尤指机器）发出嗡嗡声，发出低沉持续的声响
I could hear the washing machine whirring in the kitchen.   我能听见厨房里洗衣机的嗡嗡声。



★☆☆   whisk
—————————————————
verb 
REMOVE  移开  
transitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to take something or someone somewhere else suddenly and quickly    突然拿走，快速带走
Our coffees were whisked away before we'd even finished them.   我们的咖啡还没有喝完就被匆匆拿走了。
We only had half an hour to see her before she was whisked off to some exotic location.   在她被匆匆送往国外某地之前，我们只有半个小时时间和她会面。
Her husband whisked her off to Egypt for her birthday.   她丈夫突然把她带到了埃及，为她庆祝生日。verb 
BEAT FOOD  搅打食物  
transitive 
■to beat eggs, cream, etc. with a special tool in order to add air and make the food light    搅打（鸡蛋、鲜奶油等）
Whisk the egg whites until stiff.   搅打蛋清，直到变稠为止。
Remove mixture from heat and whisk in the brandy and vanilla essence.   把混和好的原料从火上拿开，搅入白兰地和香草精。noun countable 
■a kitchen tool which you use for beating food such as eggs and cream in order to add air and make it light 
  （厨房中的）搅拌器
an electric whisk   电动搅拌器
a hand-held whisk   掌上型搅拌器



★☆☆   whisker
—————————————————
UK noun 
countable 
■any of the long, stiff hairs growing on the face of a cat, mouse or other mammal 
  （猫、鼠等动物的）须
He watched the cat cleaning the milk off her whiskers.   他看着猫把胡须上的牛奶弄干净。
whiskers [plural] old-fashioned or humorous 
■the hair growing on a man's face, especially the sides and/or the lower part 
  （尤指男子侧面或下巴上的）胡须；络腮胡子UK noun 
by a whisker 
■by a very small amount    一丝，一点，很少量
Last time she raced against the Brazilian, she won by a whisker.   上次她和那个巴西人赛跑，仅以微弱优势取胜。UK noun 
come within a whisker of (doing) sth 
■If you come within a whisker of doing something, you almost do it or it almost happens to you    差一点就做…；…差一点就发生了
Twice now she had come within a whisker of death.   到目前为止，她两次与死神擦肩而过。



★☆☆   whiskered
—————————————————
UK US  old-fashioned 
adjective 
■having whiskers (= hair on a man's face)    长有络腮胡子的



★☆☆   whisky
—————————————————
mainly UK (ALSO mainly US and Irish English whiskey) ['w&#x26A;s.ki]
noun countable or uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■a strong, pale brown alcoholic drink, originally from Scotland and Ireland, made from grain such as barley , maize or rye    威士忌酒



★☆☆   whisper
—————————————————
UK verb 
SPEAK  讲话  
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■to speak very quietly, using thebreath but not the voice, so that only the person close to you can hearyou    小声说话；低语；耳语
Sheleaned over and whispered something in his ear.   她俯身对他耳语了些甚么。
What are you twogirls whispering about?   你们两个女孩子在窃窃私语些甚么？
[+ speech] "Where are the toilets?" she whispered.   “洗手间在哪里？”她低声问道。
It's rude towhisper!   窃窃私语是不礼貌的！UK verb 
SUGGEST  迹象  
[+ that] 
■to suggest privately that somethingmight be true    私下里说；传闻
People are whispering that she's going to retire next year.   人们私下里说她明年要退休了。UK noun 
SPEECH  说话  
countable 
■a way of speaking very quietly, using the breath butnot the voice, so that only the person close to you can hear you    小声说话；低语；耳语
I heard whispersoutside my room.   我听见有人在我房间外窃窃私语。
She said it in a whisperso I presumed it wasn't common knowledge. "You see," she said, lowering hervoice to a whisper, "he hasn't been well recently."   她说这件事时声音很小，所以我推断并不是人人都知道。“你知道，”她说着就把声音压得很低，“他最近身体一直不太好。”
only singular literary 
■a soft, lownoise    沙沙声；飒飒声
Thesilence was broken only by the whisper of theleaves in the gentle breeze.   这片寂静被微风吹拂树叶的沙沙声打破了。UK noun 
SUGGESTION  迹象  
countable 
■a suggestion or piece of information that you hearprivately from someone    传闻；私下的议论
I've heard a whisper that they're heading for divorce.   我听人们私下里说他们要离婚。



★☆☆   whispering campaign
—————————————————
disapproving 
noun countable usually singular 
■the intentional damaging of an important person's reputation by saying things about them which, whether true or false, are unpleasant 
  （破环他人名声的）造谣活动，散播流言蜚语的活动



★☆☆   whist
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a card game played between two pairs of players in which each side tries to win more cards than the other    惠斯特纸牌戏



★☆☆   whist drive
—————————————————
UK 
noun countable 
■a social occasion at which people play whist    惠斯特纸牌戏会



★☆☆   whistle
—————————————————
verb 
 ADVANCED  intransitive or transitive 
■to make a high sound by forcing air through a small hole or passage, especially through the lips, or through a special device held to the lips    吹哨子；（尤指）吹口哨；用口哨吹出
He whistled as he worked.   他一边工作一边吹口哨。
On the days when she wore a skirt the men on the building site would whistle at her.   那些天她穿了裙子，建筑工地的男人们一见到她就向她吹口哨。
Someone was whistling Beatles tunes outside my window.   有人在我窗外用口哨吹着甲壳虫乐队的曲子。
The referee whistled and the game was over.   裁判吹响哨子，比赛结束了。
intransitive + adverb or preposition 
■to make a long, high sound while moving quickly through or past something    呼啸而过
She heard the wind whistling through the trees and the howl of a distant wolf.   她听见风呼啸着穿过树丛，远处还有狼的嚎叫声。
I stepped out of the building and immediately a bullet whistled past my head.   我刚走出大楼，马上就有一颗子弹从我头边呼啸而过。
intransitive 
■When birds whistle, they sing in high musical notes 
  （鸟）啼啭，啭鸣
The birds were whistling in the early morning quiet.   鸟在寂静的清晨啭鸣。noun countable 
■the sound made by someone or something whistling    哨子声；口哨声；呼啸声
From the bottom of the garden I recognised my father's tuneless whistle.   我听出父亲在花园深处吹的不成调的口哨声。
It sounded like the whistle of an old-fashioned steam train.   它听起来像是老式蒸汽火车的汽笛声。
She listened to the whistle of the wind through the trees.   她听着风呼啸着穿过树林的声音。
■an object which you hold to your lips and blow through in order to make a loud, high sound    哨子，笛子
The referee blew his whistle for half-time.   裁判吹响了半场休息的哨声。



★☆☆   whistle-blower
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who tells someone in authority about something illegal that is happening, especially in a government department or a company 
  （尤指政府部门或公司里的）告发者，揭发者



★☆☆   whistle-stop tour
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a series of short visits to different places, made usually by a politician 
  （政治家）在各地短暂的访问



★☆☆   whit
—————————————————
 formal 
noun 
not a whit 
■not any amount    一点也不，丝毫不
There's not a whit of sense in that head of his!   他一点都不理智！



★☆☆   white
—————————————————
adjective 
COLOUR  颜色  
 ESSENTIAL  
■of a colour like that of snow, milk or bone    白色的；雪白的；乳白的
a white T-shirt   白色的T恤衫
white walls   白墙
a black and white dog   黑白相间的狗
He's white-haired now.   他现在头发都已经白了。
"How do you like your coffee?" "White (= With milk or cream) and no sugar, please."   “你想要甚么样的咖啡？”“请加奶但不要加糖。”
 ADVANCED  
■used in the names of various food and drink products, many of which are not pure white but slightly cream, yellow, grey or transparent 
  （用于食品名称中）白…
white bread   白面包
white chocolate   白巧克力
white flour   白面粉
white sugar   白糖
white wine   白葡萄酒adjective 
PEOPLE  人  
 ESSENTIAL  
■of a person who has skin that is pale in colour    白人（的）；白种人（的）
He had a black mother and a white father.   他的母亲是黑人，父亲是白人。
a predominantly white neighbourhood   以白人为主的社区adjective 
(as) white as a sheet 
■If someone is (as) white as a sheet, their face is very pale, usually because of illness, shock or fear. 
  （指某人的脸色）苍白的，面无血色的adjective 
whiter than white 
■never doing anything wrong    从没做错事的，清白的
I was never convinced by the image of the whiter than white princess depicted in the press.   我从不相信报刊杂志上描写的清纯公主的形象。noun 
COLOUR  颜色  
 ESSENTIAL  uncountable 
■a colour like that of snow, milk or bone    白色；雪白；乳白
In some countries it is traditional for a bride to wear white.   在某些国家的传统中，新娘要穿白色礼服。
whites [plural] 
■white clothes, either worn for sports or put together to be washed at the same time    白色衣服
There was a group of men in cricket whites in the pub.   酒吧里有一群穿著白色板球运动服的男人。
white of the eye 
■the part of the eye that is white    眼白，白眼珠
Don't shoot until you see the whites of their eyes (= until the people are very close to you).   直到他们离你很近才开枪。
egg white/white of an egg 
■the transparent part of an egg which surrounds the yolk and becomes white when cooked    蛋清，蛋白
Whisk four egg whites into stiff peaks.   搅打四个蛋清，直到打得稠稠地耸起来为止。noun 
PERSON  人  
countable 
■a person who has skin that is pale in colour    白人
The neighbourhood is populated mainly by whites.   这个社区里住的主要是白人。



★☆☆   white ant 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a termite 



★☆☆   whitebait
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■small, young fish of various different types, fried and eaten whole    银鱼



★☆☆   white blood cell
—————————————————
(also white corpuscle) 
noun countable 
■a cell in the blood that has no red colour and is involved in the fight against infection    白细胞，白血球



★☆☆   whiteboard
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a board with a smooth, white surface, often fixed to a wall, on which you can write and draw using special pens    白色书写板
■a piece of electronic equipment in the shape of a flat, white board which is connected to a computer and which you can write on using a special pen that also controls the computer    手写板（与电脑相连的电子设备）
an interactive whiteboard   互动式白板



★☆☆   white Christmas 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a Christmas when it snows 
  （下雪的）白色圣诞节
Do you think we might have a white Christmas this year?   你觉得我们今年会过个白色圣诞节吗？



★☆☆   white-collar
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■relating to people who work in offices, doing work that needs mental rather than physical effort    白领的，非体力劳动的，脑力劳动的
white-collar workers/unions   白领工人／工会



★☆☆   white elephant
—————————————————
disapproving 
noun countable usually singular 
■something that has cost a lot of money but has no useful purpose    昂贵而无用的东西



★☆☆   white flag 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a flag that is waved to show that you accept defeat or do not intend to attack 
  （表示投降或无意进攻的）白旗
The soldiers lay down their guns and walked towards the enemy camp, carrying a white flag.   士兵们放下枪，举著白旗向敌方营地走去。



★☆☆   white flight
—————————————————
mainly US 
noun uncountable 
■when white people move out of an area because people of other races are moving in    白人迁移（因某一地区其他种族的迁入，白人从该地区迁出）



★☆☆   white goods
—————————————————
specialized 
plural noun 
■large electrical goods for the house, such as cookers and washing machines    白色家电；大型家用电器



★☆☆   Whitehall
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the British civil service (= officials employed to perform the work of the British government)    白厅；英国政府



★☆☆   white heat 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the very high temperature at which metal gives out a white light 
  （金属在极高温度下的）白热



★☆☆   white hope 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■a person or thing which people hope will be very successful in the near future    被寄予厚望的人（或事物）
This new car is seen as the great white hope of the industry.   这款新车被该行业寄予厚望。



★☆☆   white horses
—————————————————
UK (US whitecaps) 
plural noun literary 
■waves which are white at the top    白浪



★☆☆   white-hot
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes metal which is so hot it is giving out a white light 
  （金属）白热的



★☆☆   white knight 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person or organization that saves a company from financial difficulties or an unwanted change of ownership by putting money into the company or by buying it 
  （透过注入资金或收购而使公司摆脱财政危机或免遭接管的）救星，救急者



★☆☆   white-knuckle
—————————————————
 informal 
adjective [before noun] 
■describes an experience or activity that makes you feel very frightened and often excited    惊险刺激的；令人捏把汗的
a white-knuckle ride in a theme park   主题公园里一次惊险刺激的骑乘



★☆☆   white lie 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a lie that is told in order to be polite or to stop someone from being upset by the truth    善意的谎话；无伤大雅的谎言



★☆☆   white magic 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■magic which is used only to do good things    善意的法术，白法术



★☆☆   white matter 
—————————————————
noun uncountable specialized 
■the pale tissue containing nerve fibres (= structures like threads) found in the brain and spinal cord    白质（见于大脑和脊髓的淡色组织，内含丝状的神经纤维结构）    Compare grey matter



★☆☆   white meat 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a meat such as chicken or veal that is pale in colour, or the whitest flesh, usually the breast, of a cooked bird    白肉（指鸡肉、小牛肉或禽类的胸脯肉）



★☆☆   whiten
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive or transitive 
■to make or become whiter 
  （使）变白
She's had her nicotine-stained teeth whitened.   她将她那被尼古丁熏黑的牙齿漂白了。
Her hair had whitened over the years.   这么多年来，她的头发已经变白了。



★☆☆   whitening
—————————————————
UK  US  (also whitener) 
noun uncountable 
■a substance that you put on sports shoes to make them whiter and cleaner 
  （涂在白色球鞋上的）白色鞋粉



★☆☆   white noise 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a mixture of sounds or electrical signals which consists of all the sounds or signals in a large range    白噪声（大频道范围内的噪声）



★☆☆   whiteout
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a weather condition in which snow and clouds change the way light is reflected so that only very dark objects can be seen    乳白天空（一种天气现象，雪和云改变了光线的反射方式，只有非常深色的物体才能被看见）



★☆☆   white paper 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■in various countries, including Britain and Australia, a government report on a particular subject giving information and details of future planned laws    白皮书（某些国家的政府说明某方面未来立法的资讯和细节的正式报告）
a white paper on employment   就业白皮书    Compare green paper



★☆☆   white pointer 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a large, dangerous type of shark (= large fish with sharp teeth and a vertical triangular part on its back)    大白鲨



★☆☆   white sauce 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a thick, savoury sauce made from flour, butter and milk 
  （用面粉、奶油和牛奶制成的）白酱汁



★☆☆   white spirit
—————————————————
UK (US turpentine) 
noun uncountable 
■a colourless, alcoholic liquid which is used for making paint thinner and removing paint from brushes and clothes 
  （用于稀释油漆和清除油漆污渍的）石油溶剂油



★☆☆   white supremacy 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the belief that people with pale skin are better than people with darker skin    白人至上论



★☆☆   white-tie
—————————————————
adjective 
■describes a social occasion at which men wear formal clothes including a white bow tie 
  （社交场合）穿晚礼服并系白领结的
a white-tie diplomatic reception   要求穿晚礼服并系白领结的外交招待会



★☆☆   white trash
—————————————————
US offensive 
noun uncountable 
■white people who are poor and badly educated    贫穷且受教育不多的白人



★☆☆   white van man 
—————————————————
noun countable UK disapproving 
■a man who is thought to be typical of drivers of white vans by being rude, not well educated, and having very strong, often unpleasant opinions    驾驶白色货车的男子（通常被认为行为粗鲁，受教育不多，持强烈而令人不快的意见）



★☆☆   whitewash
—————————————————
UK noun 
PAINT  涂料  
uncountable 
■a white liquid that is a mixture of lime or powdered chalk and water, used for making walls or ceilings white    石灰水；白涂料UK noun 
ATTEMPT TO HIDE  试图掩盖  
only singular disapproving 
■an attempt to stop people finding out the true facts about a situation    掩盖…的真相，粉饰
The official report on the killings has been denounced as a whitewash.   关于那些谋杀的官方报道，被斥责为试图掩盖事实真相。UK noun 
DEFEAT  打败  
countable UK informal 
■a complete defeat in a game or competition    轻松击败（对手）；（尤指）完胜
a 6-0 whitewash   比分为六比零的完胜UK verb transitive 
HIDE  隐藏     disapproving 
■to make something bad seem acceptable by hiding the truth    粉饰，掩盖…的真相
The government is trying to whitewash the incompetence of the Treasury officials.   政府正试图掩饰财政部官员的无能。UK verb transitive 
DEFEAT  打败     UK informal 
■to defeat a player or team completely, especially while preventing them from scoring any points    轻松击败（对手）；（尤指）完胜UK verb transitive 
PAINT  涂料  
■to paint walls or buildings using whitewash    石灰水；白涂料



★☆☆   white water 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■water in a river which flows fast and strongly in an especially narrow channel    湍流，急流
white-water rafting   激流漂筏



★☆☆   white-water rafting 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the activity of being moved quickly in a raft (= small boat filled with air) along rivers where the current is very strong    激流漂筏，泛舟活动



★☆☆   white wedding 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a traditional Christian marriage in a church, at which the woman who is getting married wears a white dress    新娘穿白色婚纱的基督教传统婚礼
She wants a proper white wedding.   她想要一个体面的、穿白色婚纱的基督教传统婚礼。



★☆☆   whitey
—————————————————
UK US  offensive 
noun countable 
■a white person    白鬼；白人



★☆☆   whither
—————————————————
UK US old use 
adverb 
■to where    去哪里，去何处
Whither are they going?   他们要去哪里？



★☆☆   whiting
—————————————————
UK  US (plural whiting or whitings)
noun countable or uncountable 
■a small black and silver sea fish, eaten as food    牙鳕（一种海鱼，可食用）



★☆☆   whitish
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■almost white in colour    接近白色的；灰白的
whitish-grey walls   灰白的墙



★☆☆   Whitsun
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the seventh Sunday after Easter, and the period around it    圣灵降临节（复活节后第七个星期日及其前后）
We're going to Scotland for a week at Whitsun.   圣灵降临节期间我们要去苏格兰玩一个礼拜。



★☆☆   whittle
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to make something from a piece of wood by cutting off small thin pieces 
  （用木头）削制，削成
An old sailor sat on the dockside, whittling a toy boat.   一名老水手坐在码头边，用木头削制一只玩具船。UK verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   whittle away at sth 
■to gradually reduce the size or importance of something    削减；削弱
A series of new laws has gradually whittled away at the powers of the trade unions in this country.   一系列新的法律已经逐渐削弱了工会在这个国家中的权力。UK verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] whittle sth down 
■to gradually reduce the size of something or the number of people in a group    使缩小；使（人数）减少
We had eighty applicants for the job, but we've whittled them down to six.   这个职位我们有80位申请者，我们已经将其筛减到了六位。




★☆☆   whizz
—————————————————
verb intransitive + adverb or preposition UK (ALSO US usually whiz)    informal 
■to move or do something very fast    快速移动；很快地做
A police car whizzed by , on its way to the accident.   一辆警车飞速驶过，开往事故现场。
We whizzed through the rehearsal, so that we'd be finished by lunchtime.   我们赶紧进行排练，以便能在午饭之前结束。
Time just whizzes past when you're enjoying yourself.   当你在纵情享乐的时候，时间总是转眼即逝。noun 
EXPERT  专家     UK (ALSO US usually whiz) countable usually singular informal approving 
■a person with a very high level of skill or knowledge in a particular subject    能手；奇才；高手
a computer whizz   电脑高手
He's a whizz at poker.   他是个扑克牌高手。noun 
DRUG  毒品  
uncountable UK slang for 
■amphetamine (= drug which makes the mind and body more active)    苯丙胺；安非他明



★☆☆   whizzkid
—————————————————
 informal 
noun countable 
■a young person who is very clever and successful    神童；杰出人才
They've taken on some financial whizzkid.   他们已经雇用了几名金融奇才。



★☆☆   who
—————————————————
pronoun 
QUESTIONS  询问  
 ESSENTIAL  
■used especially in questions as the subject or object of a verb, when asking which person or people, or when asking what someone's name is    谁，甚么人
Who did this?   这是谁做的？
Who's she?   她是谁？
Who are all those people?   那些人是谁？
She asked me if I knew who had got the job.   她问我是否知道谁获得了那份工作。
Who (also formalwhom)do you want to talk to?   您要找哪位（接电话）？
I don't know who (also formalwhom)to ask to the party.   我不知道该邀请谁参加聚会。
 ESSENTIAL  
■used with verbs that relate to knowing, when you want to say that something is not known 
  （与表示“知道”的动词连用，表示不知道）
"Are they going to get married?" "Who knows ?" (= It is not possible to know at the moment.)   “他们是要结婚了吗？”“谁知道呢。”
Who can tell what will happen now?   谁知道会发生甚么呢？pronoun 
USED TO REFER  用于指代  
 ESSENTIAL  
■used as the subject or object of a verb to show which person you are referring to, or to add information about a person just mentioned. It is used for people, not things 
  （用作动词的主语或受词，表示所提及的人，或附加所提及的人的资讯）
I think it was your Dad who phoned.   我认为打电话的人是你爸爸。
She's one of those people who love to be the centre of attention.   她是那种喜欢引人注意的人。
He rang James, who was a good friend as well as the family doctor.   他打电话给詹姆斯，詹姆斯既是家庭医生又是他的好朋友。
The other people who (also that)live in the house are really friendly.   其他住在这所房子里的人十分友好。
This is Gabriel, who (also formalwhom)I told you about.   这是加布里埃尔，我跟你说起过他。pronoun 
who's who 
■the name and position of each person, especially in an organization 
  （某组织中各人的职位和工作）每人的情况，谁是谁
Who's Who 
■a book containing information about the world's richest or most famous people    名人录，人名词典
The guest list reads like a Who's Who of top American businessmen.   宾客名单读起来像是美国巨贾豪商的名人录。



★☆☆   whoa
—————————————————
UK exclamation 
■used when telling a horse to stop    吁！（用于喝令马停下）
"Whoa there, Poppy," he said to his pony, and pulled up beside the kerb.   “吁，波皮。”他向自己的小马喝道，扯扯缰绳停在路边。
■informal 
■used when telling a person to stop what they are doing or to do it more slowly    且慢；慢点
Yes, carrots please, - whoa! That's plenty.   是的，要些胡萝卜，——好了！这就足够了。



★☆☆   who'd
—————————————————
short form of 
 IMPROVER  
■who had 
She wondered who'd sent her the mysterious email.   她想知道是谁给她发的神秘电子邮件。
 IMPROVER     * who would 
Well, who'd have thought Joey was going to become so successful?   谁会想到乔伊会变得如此成功？



★☆☆   whodunit
—————————————————
(also whodunnit) [&#x2CC;hu:'d&#x28C;n.&#x26A;t]
noun countable informal 
■a story about a crime and the attempt to discover who committed it    犯罪小说；侦探小说
It's one of those whodunits where you don't find out who the murderer is till the very end.   这是那种直到最后才能找出杀人凶手的侦探小说。



★☆☆   whoever
—————————————————
UK pronoun 
PERSON  人  
 ADVANCED  
■the person who    …的那个人
Whoever uprooted that tree ought to be ashamed of themselves.   把树连根拔起的那个人应当感到羞耻。
Could I speak to whoever is in charge of International Sales please?   能找负责国际销售的人接电话吗？UK pronoun 
ANYONE  任何人  
 ADVANCED  
■any person who    任何人；无论甚么人
Can whoever leaves last please lock up?   最后走的人请锁门好吗？
He says he bought the car from Frank, whoever Frank is (= I do not know who Frank is).   他说自己是从弗兰克那里买的车，不知道这个弗兰克是谁。UK pronoun 
SURPRISE  惊讶  
■used in questions as a way of expressing surprise 
  （表示惊讶）究竟是谁，到底是谁
Whoever told you that?   到底是谁告诉你的？
Whoever could that be phoning at this time?   这个时候打电话来到底是谁呢？



★☆☆   whole
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  
■complete or not divided    全部的；整个的；整体的
I spent the whole day cleaning.   我整天都在打扫。
There's still a whole month till my birthday.   离我的生日还有整整一个月时间。
After my exercise class, my whole body ached.   体育课之后，我浑身都痛。
The whole town was destroyed by the earthquake.   地震摧毁了整个城镇。
This whole thing (= situation) is ridiculous.   这一切太荒谬了。
Bill does nothing but moan the whole time (= all the time).   比尔一直在呻吟。
You have to stand up in court and promise to tell 'the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth'.   你必须站在法庭上宣誓：“事实，全部事实，只有事实。”
Her dance compositions added a whole (= completely) new dimension to the contemporary dance repertoire.   她的舞蹈作品为现代舞剧目增添了全新的内容。
■informal 
■used to emphasize something 
  （用于表示强调）
I've got a whole heap of work to do this afternoon.   我今天下午有一大堆工作要做。
The new computers are a whole lot (= much) faster.   新电脑的速度要快得多了。UK adjective 
go the whole hog 
■to do something as completely as possible    彻底地做…；贯彻到底
Having already limited local taxation, why not go the whole hog and abolish it completely?   既然已经对地方征税进行了限制，那为甚么不进行到底，彻底将它废除了呢？UK adjective 
the whole bit UK (US the whole enchilada) 
■the whole of something, including everything that is related to it    全套；全部
He's into jogging, squash, aerobics, the whole exercise bit.   他喜欢慢跑、壁球、有氧健身操，全部体育运动都喜欢。UK noun countable usually singular 
 IMPROVER  
■a complete thing    全部；整体；全体
Two halves make a whole.   两个一半构成一个整体。
You must consider each problem as an aspect of the whole.   你必须把每个问题作为整体的一个方面来考虑。
the whole of sth 
 ADVANCED  
■all of something    整个…
I'll be on holiday the whole of next week.   下周一整周我都要休假。
The whole of his finger was bruised.   他整根手指都肿了。
The whole of the village (= Everyone in the village) had come out for the party.   全村人都来参加聚会了。UK noun countable usually singular 
as a whole 
■when considered as a group and not in parts    总体上；整个看来
The population as a whole is getting healthier.   总体看来，居民的健康状况正在改善。UK noun countable usually singular 
on the whole 
■generally    总的来说；整体上讲
We have our bad times but on the whole we're fairly happy.   我们有过糟糕的时期，但整体上来说还是相当快乐的。



★☆☆   wholefood
—————————————————
UK US  UK 
noun countable or uncountable 
■food that has not had any of its natural features taken away or any artificial substances added 
  （不含人工添加剂的）全天然食品，全营养食品
a wholefood shop   全营养食品商店



★☆☆   wholegrain
—————————————————
UK US  mainly UK 
adjective 
■(of particular types of food) containing whole seeds 
  （食物）全谷物的，全粒的
wholegrain bread   全谷物面包
wholegrain mustard   整粒芥子
wholegrain breakfast cereal   全谷物早餐



★☆☆   whole-hearted
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■completely enthusiastic    全心全意的；真挚的
The minister has pledged his whole-hearted support for the scheme.   部长表示将全心全意支持这个计划。



★☆☆   wholemeal
—————————————————
UK US  UK (mainly US whole wheat) 
adjective 
■(of flour or food made from flour) containing all the natural features of the grain, with nothing taken away 
  （面粉或食品）全麦的
wholemeal bread/flour/pastry   全麦面包／面粉／油酥点心



★☆☆   whole-note
—————————————————
UK noun countable    US for 
■semibreve 



★☆☆   whole number 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a number, such as 1, 3 or 17, which has no fractions , and no digits after the decimal point    整数



★☆☆   wholesale
—————————————————
UK adjective adverb 
SELLING  卖  
■of or for the selling of goods in large amounts at low prices to shops and businesses, rather than the selling of goods in shops to customers    批发的（地）；成批卖的（地）
wholesale prices   批发价
a wholesale supplier/business   批发供应商／业务
We only sell wholesale, not to the public.   我们只批发，不零售。    Compare retailUK adjective adverb 
COMPLETE  完全的     often disapproving 
■(especially of something bad or too extreme) complete or affecting a lot of things, people, places, etc 
  （尤指坏事或过于极端的事）完全的（地），大规模的（地）
wholesale changes   全面变革
wholesale destruction   彻底毁灭



★☆☆   wholesaler
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who buys and sells goods in large amounts to shops and businesses    批发商
a furniture wholesaler   家俱批发商



★☆☆   wholesome
—————————————————
UK US  approving 
adjective 
■good for you, and likely to improve your life either physically, morally or emotionally    有益的；有益健康的
wholesome food   有益健康的食品
good wholesome family entertainment   有益的家庭娱乐
He looks like a nice, wholesome, young man.   他看起来是个善良而又健康向上的年轻人。



★☆☆   whole wheat 
—————————————————
adjective    mainly US for 
■wholemeal 



★☆☆   who'll
—————————————————
short form of 
 IMPROVER  
■who will 
Who'll be at the party tomorrow?   明天有谁去参加聚会？



★☆☆   wholly
—————————————————
UK adverb 
 ADVANCED  
■completely    完全地；全部地
I wasn't wholly convinced by her explanation.   她的解释未能令我完全信服。
That's a wholly different matter.   那完全是另一回事。
a machine that is wholly British-made   完全由英国制造的一台机器



★☆☆   whom
—————————————————
 formal 
pronoun 
 ESSENTIAL  
■used instead of 'who' as the object of a verb or preposition 
  （作受词时代替 who）
I met a man with whom I used to work.   我碰见了个过去曾一起工作的人。
He took out a photo of his son, whom he adores.   他拿出了一张爱子的照片。
There were 500 passengers, of whom 121 drowned.   500名乘客中共有121名溺弊。
To whom do you wish to speak?   你想找谁接电话？ formal 
pronoun 
  Common Learner Errors   whom or who?   Whom is very formal and most people use who instead.   Who did you invite?   Although whom should be used after a preposition, most people avoid it by putting the preposition towards the end of the sentence and using who instead.   Who did you go out with last night?   It would be extremely formal and rather unnatural to say whom.   With whom did you go out last night?



★☆☆   whomever
—————————————————
UK US formal 
pronoun 
■whoever (PERSON) and whoever (ANYONE) when used as the object 
  （whoever 的宾格形式）
Give it to whomever you please.   你愿意给谁就给谁吧。



★☆☆   whoop
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
■to give a loud, excited shout, especially to show your enjoyment of or agreement with something 
  （尤指为表示高兴或赞同而）呐喊，大叫
The audience was whooping and clapping.   观众们在欢呼鼓掌。
⇨ See also whooping coughverb intransitive 
whoop it up informal 
■to enjoy yourself in a noisy and excited way    狂欢，欢闹noun countable 
■a loud, excited shout, especially showing your enjoyment of or agreement with something 
  （尤指表示高兴或赞同的）呐喊，大叫
When the whoops and cheers had finally died down he started to speak.   当欢呼声平息下来的时候，他开始讲话。



★☆☆   whoop-de-doo
—————————————————
 mainly US informal 
exclamation 
■said when you do not think what someone has said or done is important or special    哈哈（对某人说的话或做的事表示轻蔑）
Well, whoop-de-doo, they're offering us a 0.5 per cent pay raise!   噢，哈哈，他们给我们涨了0.5%的工资！



★☆☆   whoopee
—————————————————
UK exclamation 
■a loud, excited shout of happiness    哈哈（表示欢乐、兴奋）
Whoopee, it's the holidays!   哈哈，假期来了！UK exclamation 
make whoopee US old-fashioned informal 
■to have sex    做爱，发生性关系



★☆☆   whooping cough
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a disease caught especially by children, which causes severe coughing 
  （小儿的）百日咳



★☆☆   whoops
—————————————————
 (also oops) informal 
exclamation 
■an expression of surprise or feeling sorry about a mistake or slight accident    哎哟（表示惊讶或后悔的感叹声）
Whoops! That's the second time I've spilt coffee today!   哎呀！这都是我今天第二次把咖啡弄洒了！



★☆☆   whoosh
—————————————————
 informal 
noun 
countable usually singular 
■a soft sound made by something moving fast through the air or like that made when air is pushed out of something    嗖的一声；呼的一声
The train sped through the station with a whoosh.   火车呼啸着飞速驶过车站。
only singular 
■when you experience or receive a large amount of something in a short time    表示你在短时间内感受或收到大量的某物
I felt a great whoosh of adrenalin.   我突然感到一阵兴奋。 informal 
verb intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to move along quickly, making a soft sound like the wind    嗖的一声；呼的一声
A fast motorboat whooshed by.   一艘快艇嗖地一声飞驰而过。 informal 
exclamation 
■used to describe something that happens very fast, with no pauses or delay    形容某事迅速地发生，没有任何停顿或延迟
No sooner had she arrived than, whoosh, she was off again.   她才到了一会，就又倏地离开了。



★☆☆   whop
—————————————————
UK US  (-pp-)    mainly US informal 
verb transitive 
■to hit or defeat    打；击败，战胜
She whopped him with her handbag.   她用手袋打他。
The Yankees whopped the Cleveland Indians 17-2.   扬基队以17比2的比分击败了克利夫兰印第安人队。



★☆☆   whopper
—————————————————
UK noun countable    humorous informal 
■something that is surprising because it is so much bigger than the usual size    庞然大物；超大的东西
I mean, my nose is quite big but my Dad's got a whopper.   我觉得，我的鼻子已经很大了，而我爸爸的鼻子更大。
■humorous 
■a big lie    弥天大谎
Amanda's told some whoppers in her time.   阿曼达曾撒过一些大谎。



★☆☆   whopping
—————————————————
UK  US (also whopping great) informal 
adjective [before noun] 
■extremely large    极大的
She had a whopping great bruise on her arm.   她胳膊上有一大片瘀伤。
a whopping 35% pay rise   35%的巨大工资涨幅
a whopping lie   弥天大谎



★☆☆   whore
—————————————————
UK noun countable    old-fashioned 
■a female prostitute    妓女；娼妓
offensive 
■a woman whose behaviour in her sexual relationships is considered immoral    妓女



★☆☆   who're
—————————————————
UK short form of 
■who are 
The film begins with a young couple, who're just about to get married.   电影一开始讲的是一对即将结婚的青年男女。



★☆☆   whorehouse
—————————————————
UK noun countable    mainly US for 
■brothel 



★☆☆   whorl
—————————————————
UK US  literary 
noun countable 
■a circular pattern of lines, with the smallest circle in the middle, surrounded by other circles, each one wider and larger than the previous one    螺旋形；螺纹



★☆☆   who's
—————————————————
short form of 
 IMPROVER  
■who has 
Who's been chosen, do you know?   你知道谁被选中了吗？
 IMPROVER     * who is 
Who's that talking to Jason?   那个跟贾森谈话的人是谁？



★☆☆   whose
—————————————————
pronoun determiner 
 ESSENTIAL  
■used especially in questions when asking about which person owns or is responsible for something    谁的
Whose is this bag?   这是谁的袋子？
Whose bag is this?   这个袋子是谁的？determiner 
 ESSENTIAL  
■used for adding information about a person or thing just mentioned 
  （用于附加所提及的人或物的资讯）
Cohen, whose contract expires next week, is likely to move to play for a European club.   科恩的合约下周到期，他有可能到一家欧洲球会效力。
There was a picture in the paper of a man whose leg had been blown off.   报纸上有一张照片，照片中那个男人的腿被炸掉了。
They meet in an old house, whose basement has been converted into a chapel.   他们在一所旧房子里见面，那所房子的地下室已经被改建成一个小礼拜堂。
Fraud detectives are investigating the company, three of whose senior executives have already been arrested.   反诈骗侦探正在调查那家公司，该公司的三名高级管理人员已被拘捕。



★☆☆   whosoever
—————————————————
UK pronoun    old use for 
■whoever 



★☆☆   who've
—————————————————
short form of 
 IMPROVER  
■who have 
Who've you asked so far?   目前为止你都问过谁了？



★☆☆   why
—————————————————
adverb 
 ESSENTIAL  
■for what reason    为甚么
"I'm going home." "Why?"   “我要回家了。”“为甚么？”
Why did you choose to live in London?   你为甚么选择在伦敦生活？
Why wait? Let's leave now.   为甚么要等？我们现在就走吧。
Why should I help him - he never helps me?   我为甚么要帮他——他从来都没帮过我？
Why is it that I find chocolate so addictive?   为甚么我觉得巧克力如此让人上瘾呢？
The police asked me to explain why I hadn't reported the accident sooner.   警方要我解释为甚么没有及时报告这宗事故。
I don't know why she isn't here.   我不知道为甚么她没在这里。
Quite why he isn't here today is a mystery.   他今天为甚么不在这里真是个谜。
There is no reason why we shouldn't succeed.   我们没有理由不成功。adverb 
why not? 
■used to make a suggestion or to express agreement 
  （表示建议或同意）为甚么不（呢）?
Why not use my car? You'll fit more in.   为甚么不用我的车呢？能装更多东西。
"Shall we eat Italian tonight?" "Yes, why not?"   “我们今晚去吃义大利菜怎么样？”“好啊，为甚么不呢？”adverb 
  Common Learner Errors   why   Warning: check your word order!   When why is used in a main clause to ask a question, remember to put the verb before the subject:   Why is football such a popular sport?   When why is used in a subordinate clause to talk about the reason for something, do not put the verb before the subject:
✗ I can't help wondering why is football so popular.   I can't help wondering why football is so popular.exclamation mainly US or old-fashioned 
■used to express surprise or anger    哟，嗨，哎呀（表示惊讶或生气）
Why, if it isn't old Georgie Frazer!   哟，这不是老乔吉‧弗雷泽吗？
Why, I've never seen anything like it!   哟，我从没见过这样的事！noun 
the whys and (the) wherefores 
■the reasons for something    为甚么；原因
I know very little about the whys and the wherefores of the situation.   我根本不知道是甚么原因导致出现了这种情况。



★☆☆   wick
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a piece of string in the centre of a candle, or a similar part of a light, which supplies fuel to a flame    烛芯；灯芯noun countable 
get on sb's wick UK old-fashioned informal 
■to annoy someone    惹恼某人



★☆☆   wicked
—————————————————
adjective 
BAD  坏的  
 ADVANCED  old-fashioned 
■morally wrong and bad    邪恶的；坏的；缺德的
It was a wicked thing to do.   那是件缺德的事。
Of course, in the end, the wicked witch gets killed.   当然，最后邪恶的巫婆被杀掉了。    Compare evil ; naughty    old-fashioned 
■slightly immoral or bad for you, but in an attractive way    顽皮的；恶作剧的
a wicked grin   淘气的一笑
a wicked sense of humour   顽皮的幽默感adjective 
EXCELLENT  优秀的     informal 
■excellent    优秀的；棒的；极好的
He's got some wicked trainers.   他有几双非常不错的球鞋。noun 
There's no rest for the wicked. saying 
■said when you must continue with your work or other activity although you are very tired 
  （形容自己太忙）恶人永无宁日。



★☆☆   wicker
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■made of very thin pieces of wood twisted together    柳条编的；枝条编的
a wicker basket/chair   柳条篮／藤椅



★☆☆   wickerwork
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■furniture or baskets made from wicker    柳条家俱或柳条篮



★☆☆   wicket
—————————————————
noun countable 
■in cricket, a set of three vertical sticks with two small pieces of wood balanced across the top of them, at which the ball is aimed. There are two wickets on a cricket field. 
  （板球运动中的）三柱门
■in cricket, the length of ground between two sets of wickets    两个三柱门之间的场地
■in cricket, a turn that a player has to hit the ball 
  （板球中的）一轮击球
Five wickets have fallen since tea time (= Five players have been caused to finish their turn).   从午茶时间开始一共进行了五轮击球，五位选手被淘汰。
As a fast bowler, he took many wickets (= caused many players to finish their turns).   他是个投快球的好手，在许多轮击球中淘汰了击球手。



★☆☆   wicket keeper 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a cricket player who stands behind the wicket in order to catch the ball 
  （板球运动中的）守门员，捕手



★☆☆   wide
—————————————————
adjective 
DISTANCE  距离  
 ESSENTIAL  
■having a larger distance from one side to the other than is usual or expected, especially in comparison with the length of something; not narrow    宽的；宽阔的；宽广的
a wide river/road/gap/foot   宽阔的河流／道路／巨大的裂口／大脚
His eyes were wide (= opened much more than usual) with surprise.   他惊讶得睁大了眼睛。
⇨ See also width
 ESSENTIAL  
■used when describing how long the distance between the two sides of something is or when asking for this information    宽度为…的；…宽的
The rectangle is 5 cm long and 1.9 cm wide.   这个长方形长5厘米，宽1.9厘米。
The swimming pool is 5 metres wide.   这个游泳池有五米宽。
How wide are your skis?   你的滑雪板有多宽？adjective 
AMOUNT  数量  
 ESSENTIAL  
■describes something that includes a large amount or many different types of thing, or that covers a large range or area    范围广阔的；广泛的
They sell a wide range of skin-care products.   他们贩售各种各样的护肤品。
She has a wide experience of teaching, in many different schools.   她先后在多所学校工作过，有丰富的教学经验。
The Green Party no longer enjoys wide support (= the support of many people).   绿党不再受到广泛支持。adjective 
be wide of the mark 
■to be wrong    错了；不准确
Yesterday's weather forecast was a little wide of the mark, then.   昨天的天气预报有点不准。adjective 
give sth/sb a wide berth informal 
■to avoid a person or place    避开某人／某地
I tend to give the city centre a wide berth on Saturdays because it's so busy.   我星期六往往不去市中心，因为那里人太多了。adverb 
DISTANCE  距离  
■farther than usual, or as far as possible    大大地；充分地
" Open wide," said the dentist.   “张大嘴，”牙医说。
They moved the goal posts wider apart.   他们将球门柱间的距离拉得更大些。adverb 
AMOUNT  数量  
■completely, or by a large amount    完全；大大地
She left the door wide open.   她让门完全敞开着。
It was 3 a.m. and we were still wide awake.   已经是凌晨三点钟了，我们仍然全无睡意。



★☆☆   wide-angle (lens)
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a camera lens that provides a wider view than usual    广角镜头



★☆☆   wide-bodied
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■A wide-bodied aircraft is wider and larger than average    宽体的，宽体式的（宽体飞机比一般飞机更大更长）
Most of the planes which carry passengers across the Atlantic are wide-bodied jets.   大多数飞越大西洋上空的客机都是宽体喷射机。



★☆☆   wide boy
—————————————————
UK informal disapproving 
noun countable 
■a man who is dishonest or who deceives people in the way he does business    骗子；不诚实的人
Some of the younger property developers are real wide boys.   有些较年轻的房地产开发商是真正的骗子。



★☆☆   wide-eyed
—————————————————
adjective 
■having your eyes open much wider than usual    睁大眼睛的
■too willing to believe and admire what you see or are told    轻信的；单纯的
At that time, I was still a wide-eyed youngster.   那时候我仍然是个单纯的孩子。



★☆☆   widely
—————————————————
adverb 
 ESSENTIAL  
■including a lot of different places, people, subjects, etc    范围广地；广泛地
They have both travelled widely.   他们俩都游历过很多地方。
His plays are still widely performed in the USA.   他的戏剧仍在美国各地上演。
French used to be widely spoken in Kampuchea.   在柬埔寨，过去人们普遍讲法语。
His work on DNA was widely admired.   他在 DNA 研究方面的工作受到了广泛赞赏。
This theory is no longer widely accepted.   这一理论不再被人们广泛接受。
differ/vary widely 
 ADVANCED  
■to be very different    大不相同
Prices vary widely from shop to shop.   商店之间的价格相差很大。



★☆☆   widen
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive 
DISTANCE  距离  
 ADVANCED  
■to become, or to make something greater in width 
  （使）变宽，加宽；放宽
As it approaches the sea, the river begins to widen (out).   随着河流接近入海口，河道开始变宽。verb intransitive or transitive 
AMOUNT  数量  
■to (cause something to) become larger or to include a larger amount or number 
  （使）变宽；（使）变多；（使）变大
His eyes/smile widened.   他睁大了眼睛／大笑起来。
Why not widen the discussion to include the Muslim and Jewish points of view?   为甚么不扩大讨论范围，把伊斯兰教和犹太教的观点也包括进来？



★☆☆   wide-ranging
—————————————————
adjective 
■covering many subjects    范围广的；内容广泛的
a wide-ranging discussion   涉及范围很广的讨论



★☆☆   widescreen
—————————————————
adjective 
■having a wider than usual screen which shows very clear pictures    宽萤幕的（比一般萤幕宽，并能呈现更清晰的画面）
widescreen televisions   宽萤幕电视机
■made to be shown on a screen that is wider than usual    适合以宽萤幕观看的，宽银幕的
a widescreen version of the movie   宽银幕版的电影



★☆☆   widespread
—————————————————
adjective 
 IMPROVER  
■existing or happening in many places and/or among many people    广泛的；普遍的；遍布的
There are reports of widespread flooding in northern France.   有报道说法国北部到处洪水泛滥。
Malnutrition in the region is widespread - affecting up to 78% of children under five years old.   这个地区营养不良的现象十分普遍——五岁以下的儿童中78%营养不良。
The campaign has received widespread support.   这场运动得到广泛支持。



★☆☆   widget
—————————————————
 informal 
noun countable 
■any small device whose name you have forgotten or do not know 
  （不知名的）小玩意，小器械，小装置
■an imagined small product made by a company 
  （公司的某种）小产品
Let's assume the company makes ten pence profit on every widget they sell.   我们假设该公司每卖一件小产品获利十便士。



★☆☆   widow
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a woman whose husband has died and who has not married again    寡妇，孀妇，遗孀
fishing/football/golf widow    informal humorous 
■a woman whose husband is often not at home because he is fishing or playing football or golf 
  （丈夫因钓鱼、踢足球或打高尔夫而经常不在家的）钓鱼／足球／高尔夫活寡妇



★☆☆   widowed
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes a person whose husband or wife has died    守寡的；成鳏夫的；丧偶的
He was widowed at the age of 52.   他52岁时丧偶。



★☆☆   widower
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a man whose wife has died and who has not married again    鳏夫



★☆☆   widowhood
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the fact or period of being a widow    寡居；守寡；鳏居



★☆☆   width
—————————————————
noun 
 ADVANCED  countable or uncountable 
■the distance across something from one side to the other    宽度；广度
It is 5 metres in width.   它的宽度是五米。
The needle is seven times smaller than the width of a human hair.   这根针的粗细只有人类头发的1/7。
The material is available in various widths.   这种材料有很多种宽度可供选择。
⇨ See also wide
countable 
■the distance across a swimming pool from one side to the other 
  （游泳池的）池宽
I managed to swim 2 widths underwater.   我勉强在泳池里横向来回潜游了一次。



★☆☆   wield
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to hold a weapon or tool and look as if you are going to use it    挥舞，握，抓着（武器或工具）
She was confronted by a man wielding a knife.   她被一名持刀男子威胁。
wield influence/power, etc. 
■to have a lot of influence or power over other people    施加影响／运用权力等
He still wields enormous influence within the party.   他在党内仍然很有影响力。



★☆☆   wiener
—————————————————
UK US (also wienie) (weenie) US 
noun countable 
■a frankfurter (= thin, red-brown sausage)    法兰克福熏肉肠



★☆☆   wife
—————————————————
 (plural wives)
noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the woman a man is married to    妻子，老婆，夫人
I met Greg's wife for the first time.   我是第一次见到葛列格的妻子。
She's his third wife (= She is the third woman he has been married to).   她是他的第3任妻子。



★☆☆   wifely
—————————————————
 old-fashioned 
adjective 
■like a wife or relating to a wife    妻子般的；妻子的
wifely duties   妻子的责任



★☆☆   wife swapping 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■when two sets of married people decide to have sex with each other's partners    换妻（两对结婚的夫妻决定和各自对方的配偶发生性关系）



★☆☆   wi-fi
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a system for connecting electronic equipment such as computers and electronic organizers to the Internet without using wires    网际网路无线连接系统，无线宽频连线



★☆☆   wig
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a covering of artificial hair worn on the head to hide a loss of hair or to cover your own hair    假发
She was wearing a blonde wig.   她戴着金色的假发。
In Britain, judges wear white wigs in court.   在英国，法官在法庭上戴白色的假发。    Compare toupée



★☆☆   wiggle
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive informal 
■to (cause to) move up and down and/or from side to side with small quick movements 
  （使）扭动；（使）摆动
He tried wiggling the control stick but nothing happened.   他试着扭动控制杆，可一点用也没有。
She wiggled her toes in the water.   她在水中扭动着脚趾。
Her hips wiggle as she walks.   她走路时屁股来回扭。noun countable 
■a small, quick movement up and down and/or from side to side    扭动；摆动
With a wiggle of her hips, she pulled up the trousers.   她屁股一扭，就把裤子提了起来。



★☆☆   wiggly
—————————————————
 ['w&#x26A;g.li] informal 
adjective 
■shaped like a line with many curves    起伏的；弯曲的
a wiggly line   弯曲的线条
a wiggly worm   扭动的虫子



★☆☆   wigwam
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a cone-shaped tent made and lived in, especially in the past, by Native Americans in the eastern US 
  （尤指过去美国东部印第安人居住的）尖顶棚屋，简陋小屋



★☆☆   Wii
—————————————————
noun countable trademark 
■a machine that you use to play games on your television    Wii 家用游戏机，Wii 电视游戏机（游戏者可使用此机器在电视上玩游戏）



★☆☆   wiki
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a website which allows users to add, delete (= get rid of) and edit (= change) the contents, or the program that makes this possible    维基（指由网民自由添加、删除、编辑、解释词条内容的网路百科全书）
Wikipedia is thought to be the world's largest wiki with more than 280,000 articles.   维基百科拥有超过28万个词条，被视为世上最大的网路百科。



★☆☆   wild
—————————————————
adjective 
NOT CONTROLLED  不受控制的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■uncontrolled, violent or extreme    疯狂的；狂暴的；猛烈的
a wild party   狂野的派对
wild dancing   狂舞
The audience burst into wild applause.   观众爆发出热烈的掌声。
When I told him what I'd done, he went wild (= became very angry).   当我告诉他我的所作所为时，他暴跳如雷。
The children were wild with excitement (= were extremely excited).   孩子们欣喜若狂。
Her eyes were wild/She had a wild look in her eyes (= Her eyes were wide open, as if she were frightened, or mentally ill).   她眼睛大睁着，眼中充满惊恐。
His hair was wild (= long and untidy) and his clothes full of holes.   他的头发又长又乱，衣服上都是洞。
There have been wild (= extreme) variations in the level of spending.   消费水准有着极大的差别。
They get some wild weather (= many severe storms) in the north.   北方暴风雨很多。
It was a wild (= stormy or very windy) night, with the wind howling and the rain pouring down.   那是一个暴风雨大作的夜晚，狂风怒吼，大雨倾盆。
■slang 
■very unusual, often in a way that is attractive or exciting    不寻常的；极棒的；非凡的
Those are wild trousers you're wearing, Fi.   你穿的裤子可真棒，弗埃。adjective 
NATURAL  自然的  
 IMPROVER  
■describes plants or animals that live or grow independently of people, in natural conditions and with natural characteristics    野生的；未经栽培的；未经驯化的
wild flowers/grasses   野花／野草
a herd of wild horses   一群野马
 ADVANCED  
■describes land that is not used to grow crops and has few people living in it    荒无人烟的；未经开垦的
a wild mountainous region   荒无人烟的山区adjective 
NOT THOUGHT ABOUT  未经考虑的  
wild accusation/guess/rumour 
■something that you say which is not based on facts and is probably wrong    毫无根据的指控／猜测／谣言adjective 
be wild about sth/sb informal 
■to be very enthusiastic about something or someone    对…非常狂热
I'm not wild about Thai food.   我对印度食品不是很感兴趣。adjective 
wild horses wouldn't drag me 
■If you say wild horses would not drag you somewhere, you mean that nothing could persuade you to go there    任何事情也不能劝说我做…；八匹马也拉不了我回头
Wild horses wouldn't drag me to a party tonight.   今晚我坚决不去参加派对。noun 
in the wild 
■in natural conditions, independent of humans    在野生环境中
Animals would produce more young in the wild than they do in the zoo.   动物在野生环境中的产崽数量要比在动物园里多。
in the wilds (of somewhere) 
■in an area which is far from where people usually live and difficult to get to, and that is not considered easy to live in    荒野；偏远地区
She lives somewhere in the wilds of Borneo.   她住在婆罗洲荒野中的某个地方。



★☆☆   wild boar 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a large, dangerous pig that is covered in hair and lives wild in forests    野猪



★☆☆   wild card 
—————————————————
noun countable 
COMPUTING  计算     specialized 
■in computers, a symbol that has no particular meaning of its own so that its space can be filled by any real character that is necessary 
  （电脑中的）万用字元，万用字元
The wild cards are represented here by asterisks.   这里万用字元用星号来表示。noun countable 
COMPETITION  竞赛  
■someone who is allowed to take part in a competition, although they have not qualified for it in the usual way    持外卡的选手
Phillips is hoping for a wild card entry to the championships.   菲力浦斯希望得到外卡参加锦标赛。noun countable 
NOT KNOWN  不知道的  
■someone or something whose behaviour is sometimes unexpected    无法预言的人（或事物）
The wild card in this election is the Green Party - no one knows exactly how much support they will get.   本次选举中无法预料的是绿党——没人确切知道他们会获得多少支持。



★☆☆   wildcat strike
—————————————————
[&#x2CC;wa&#x26A;ld.k&#xE6;t'stra&#x26A;k/ (UK also lightning strike) 
noun countable 
■a sudden strike without the usual warning by the workers and often without the official support of the unions 
  （事先没有警告的且常没有工会支持的）“野猫”式罢工，闪电式罢工



★☆☆   wildebeest
—————————————————
 (plural wildebeest or wildebeests)
noun countable 
■a large, African animal with a long tail and horns that curve to the sides, and which lives in areas covered in grass    （产于非洲的）牛羚，角马



★☆☆   wilderness
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular 
■an area of land that has not been used to grow crops or had towns and roads built on it, especially because it is difficult to live in as a result of its extremely cold or hot weather or bad earth    荒无人烟的地区；荒野
a beautiful mountain wilderness   美丽的山野
Alaska is the last great wilderness.   阿拉斯加州是最后一片大荒原。
mainly US It's a wilderness area , under the protection of the Parks Department.   这是一片受公园管理部门保护的荒野。
■an outside area in which plants are left to grow naturally or untidily 
  （杂草丛生的）荒地
The garden was a wilderness of weeds and overgrown bushes.   这个花园一片荒芜，满是杂草和丛生的灌木。UK noun countable usually singular 
in the wilderness 
■If someone, such as a politician, is in the wilderness, they no longer have a position of authority and are not now in the news 
  （政治家）远离权力和活动中心，在野
After five years in the political wilderness, she was recalled to be foreign minister.   在野5年之后，她被重新召回担任外交部长。



★☆☆   wildfire
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a fire which is burning strongly and out of control on an area of grass or bushes in the countryside    野火
Major wildfires have destroyed thousands of acres in Idaho.   大规模的野火烧毁了爱达荷州几千英亩的土地。UK noun countable 
spread like wildfire 
■If disease or news spreads like wildfire, it quickly affects or becomes known by more and more people 
  （疾病或消息）迅速传播开来；（消息）不胫而走
Once one child in the school has the infection, it spreads like wildfire.   一旦学校里有一个孩子受到感染，就会迅速传播开来。



★☆☆   wildfowl
—————————————————
plural noun 
■birds that people shoot for sport, especially ones such as ducks that live near water    野禽，猎鸟（尤指水边的鸟类）



★☆☆   wild-goose chase
—————————————————
 informal 
noun countable 
■a search which is completely unsuccessful and a waste of time because the person or thing being searched for does not exist or is somewhere else    白费力气的搜寻；徒劳之举
After two hours spent wandering in the snow, I realized we were on a wild goose chase.   在雪地里打转了两小时之后，我意识到我们是在白费力气。



★☆☆   wildlife
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 IMPROVER  
■animals and plants that grow independently of people, usually in natural conditions    野生动植物，野生生物
a documentary on Peruvian wildlife   关于秘鲁野生生物的纪录片
wildlife groups/conservation   野生生物种群／保护区



★☆☆   wildly
—————————————————
adverb 
 ADVANCED  
■in an uncontrolled or extreme way    狂野地；失控地；狂暴地
He was dancing wildly.   他疯狂地跳着舞。
Inflation figures have fluctuated wildly between 0.2% and 25%.   通货膨胀指数在0.2%至25%之间剧烈波动。
It was wildly (= very) expensive.   它贵得离谱。
I must say I'm not wildly (= very) keen on the idea.   我必须说，我对这个想法不是特别热衷。



★☆☆   wild rice 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the black rice-like grains of a North American grass that are eaten, often with rice    菰米（一种北美产的野生草籽，常和大米一起食用）



★☆☆   wiles
—————————————————
 formal 
plural noun 
■ways of persuading someone that cleverly trick them into doing something    诡计，花招
She'll have to use all her feminine wiles to get him to agree.   她将不得不用尽女人的所有花招来取得他的同意。



★☆☆   wilful
—————————————————
(US usually willful) ['w&#x26A;l.f&#x259;l]
adjective disapproving 
■(of something bad) done intentionally or (of a person) determined to do exactly as you want, even if you know it is wrong    故意的；任性的；固执的
The present crisis is the result of years of wilful neglect by the council.   当前的危机是该委员会多年来故意忽视的结果。
They eat huge quantities of sweet and fried foods, in wilful disregard of their health.   他们固执地无视自己的健康，吃大量甜食和油炸食品。
She developed into a wilful, difficult child.   她长成了一个任性而又固执的孩子。



★☆☆   will
—————————————————
modal verb 
FUTURE  将来  
 ESSENTIAL  (also 'll) 
■used to talk about what is going to happen in the future, especially things that you are certain about or things that are planned    将，将要
Clare will be five years old next month.   下个月克莱尔就五岁了。
The train leaves at 8.58, so we'll be in Scotland by lunchtime.   火车8：58发车，所以我们中午前就能到苏格兰了。
I'll see him tomorrow./I'll be seeing him tomorrow.   我明天要见他。
Will Susie be there?   苏茜会去吗？
It won't be easy to find another secretary.   再找一位秘书可不容易。
There'll be trouble when she finds out.   她要是发现了就麻烦了。
  Common Learner Errors   will   Will is usually followed by an infinitive verb without 'to'.   Don't say 'will did something', say will do something
✗ A special bus will collected you from the airport.   A special bus will collect you from the airport.modal verb 
ABLE/WILLING  能／愿意  
 ESSENTIAL  (also 'll) 
■used to talk about what someone or something is able or willing to do    能；愿意
I'll give you a lift.   我用车顺便送你一下。
Ask Ian if he'll take them.   问问伊安是否会带上他们。
I've asked her but she won't come.   我问过她了，可她不愿来。
The car won't start.   汽车发动不了。
This quantity of lasagne will feed six people.   这些义大利千层面够六个人吃。modal verb 
REQUEST  请求  
 ESSENTIAL  
■used to ask someone to do something 
  （用于要求别人做某事）
Will you give me her address?   你能不能给我她的地址？
Will you give that to Tony when you see him, please?   你能不能在见到托尼的时候，把这个转交给他？
 ESSENTIAL  (also 'll) 
■used as a polite way of inviting someone to do something, or of offering someone something 
  （用于礼貌地提出邀请或提供某物）
Will you join us for a drink, Evie?   要不要来喝一杯，埃薇？
Will you come in for a while?   进来一会儿好吗？
You'll have some cake, won't you, Charles?   查理斯，你要不要吃些蛋糕？modal verb 
IF  假如  
 ESSENTIAL  (also 'll) 
■used in conditional sentences that start with 'if' and use the present tense 
  （用于以 if 开头的条件句中）
If he's late again, I'll be very angry.   要是他再迟到的话，我会很生气。
I'll wait with Christopher if his mother isn't here when you go.   你走的时候，如果克里斯多福的妈妈还不来的话，我就陪他一起等。modal verb 
LIKELY  可能  
 IMPROVER  (also 'll) 
■used to refer to what is likely    可能，大概
That'll be Scott at the door.   敲门的可能是斯科特。
That'll be his mother with him.   可能是他妈妈和他在一起。
As you will all probably already know, election day is next week.   你们可能已经全都知道了，选举定在下星期。modal verb 
ORDER  命令  
 IMPROVER  (also 'll) 
■used when angry to tell someone to do something 
  （表示生气地命令某人）
Will you stop being such a pain!   你能不能别那么讨厌！
You'll go upstairs and you'll go straight to bed like your father told you!   你应该听你爸爸的话，上楼睡觉去。modal verb 
ALWAYS  总是  
 ADVANCED  (also 'll) 
■used when referring to something that always or usually happens    总是；一直
Accidents will happen.   事故总是会发生的。
Fruit will keep longer in the fridge.   水果放在冰箱里保存的时间会更长。
The product with the better-known brand name will always sell better.   名牌商品的销量总会好一些。
She's 85 now, but she will insist on doing all her own housework.   她已经85岁了，但她还是一直坚持自己做家务。modal verb 
will have 
■used to refer back to the past from a point in the future 
  （用来构成将来完成时）
By the time we get there, Jim will have left.   等我们到达那里时，吉姆就走了。noun 
MENTAL POWER  精神力量  
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable 
■the mental power used to control and direct your thoughts and actions, or a determination to do something, despite any difficulties or opposition    意志；毅力；决心
From an early age she had a very strong will.   从很小时起，她就有坚强的意志。
[+ to infinitive] After six months in hospital she began to lose the will to live (= the desire and determination to stay alive).   住院六个月后，她开始失去活下去的勇气。
 IMPROVER  only singular 
■what someone wants to happen    意愿；心愿；希望
It was God's will.   这是上帝的意愿。
Against their will (= Although they did not want to) , they were forced to hold a meeting.   他们被迫违背自己的意愿，召开了一次会议。
The government has failed to impose its will upon regional communities (= to make them do as it wants).   政府没能将自己的意愿强加给地方。
⇨ See also free willnoun 
DOCUMENT  文件  
 ADVANCED  countable 
■an official statement of what a person has decided should be done with their money and property after their death    遗嘱
Have you made a will yet?   你立遗嘱了吗？
She left me some money in her will.   她在遗嘱中留给我一些钱。noun 
at will 
■If you can do something at will, you can do it any time you want    随心所欲地；自如地
He can cry at will.   他想哭就能哭出来。noun 
Where there's a will there's a way. saying 
■used to mean that if you are determined enough, you can find a way to achieve what you want, even if it is very difficult    有志者事竟成。noun 
with a will old-fashioned 
■with energy and determination    充满干劲地；坚定地
They worked with a will and had cleared the path by 10.00 a.m.   他们起劲地做，上午十点之前就把小路清理出来了。verb 
MAKE HAPPEN  决意  
[+ obj + to infinitive] 
■If you will something to happen, you try to make it happen by the power of your thoughts    设法用意志力驱使；决意
[R] She willed herself to remember his name.   她努力记住他的名字。
intransitive or transitive formal 
■to want something    想要；渴望
Stay or go, as you will.   留还是走，随你自己选。verb 
LEAVE  离世  
transitive 
■to arrange to give money or property to others after your death    遗赠



★☆☆   willful
—————————————————
adjective    US for 
■wilful 



★☆☆   willie
—————————————————
(also willy) ['w&#x26A;l.i]
noun 
countable UK informal or child's word 
■a penis    小鸡鸡
the willies [plural] informal 
■a feeling of nervousness and fear, especially caused by something strange or threatening 
  （尤指由奇事或威胁导致的）紧张不安，心惊胆战
Spending a night in the house alone always gives me the willies.   独自一人在这所房子里过夜总令我心惊胆战的。
Seeing something in the shadows, I suddenly got the willies and ran.   看到阴影里有甚么东西，我突然紧张起来，拔腿就跑。



★☆☆   willing
—————————————————
adjective 
be willing (to do sth) 
 ESSENTIAL  
■to be happy to do something if it is needed    愿意，乐意（做某事）
If you're willing to fly at night, you can get a much cheaper ticket.   如果你愿意夜里乘飞机，那就能买到更便宜的机票。
You said you needed a volunteer - well, I'm willing.   你说过你需要一名志愿者——我愿意。
Apparently John and Gabriel are willing for us to use their garden.   很明显，约翰和加布里埃尔愿意让我们使用他们的花园。
 ESSENTIAL  approving 
■describes someone who does their work energetically and enthusiastically    卖力的；积极的
a willing helper   积极肯做的帮手



★☆☆   will-o'-the-wisp
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■something that is impossible to get or achieve    虚幻的目标；实现不了的事
Full employment is the will-o'-the-wisp that politicians have been chasing for decades.   全民就业是政治家几十年来一直在追求的一个幻想。



★☆☆   willow pattern
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a Chinese picture in dark blue and white of a willow tree, a bridge and some people, which is often used to decorate plates, dishes, cups, etc    瓷器上的柳树图案（以深蓝色和白色绘成的中国画，画中有柳树、小桥和行人，通常用来装饰碟子、器皿和杯子等）
a willow-pattern plate   以柳树图案作装饰的碟子



★☆☆   willow (tree)
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a tree that grows near water and has long, thin branches that hang down    垂柳



★☆☆   willowy
—————————————————
UK US approving 
adjective 
■(especially of a woman) graceful (= moving smoothly and attractively) and thin 
  （尤指女人）苗条的，婀娜多姿的
a willowy blonde   身材修长的金发美女



★☆☆   willpower
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the ability to control your own thoughts and the way in which you behave; determination    意志力；毅力
It took a lot of willpower to stay calm.   要有很强的意志力才能保持平静。
I don't have the willpower to diet.   我没有节食的毅力。



★☆☆   willy
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a willie 



★☆☆   willy-nilly
—————————————————
 informal 
adverb 
■If something happens willy-nilly, it happens whether the people who are involved want it to happen or not    不管愿不愿意；无可奈何地
Both sides were drawn, willy-nilly, into the conflict.   双方都不由自主地被卷进了冲突中。
■without any order    杂乱地；乱糟糟地
She threw her clothes willy-nilly into a drawer.   她把她的衣服乱糟糟地扔进抽屉里。



★☆☆   wilt
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
■(of a plant) to become weak and begin to bend towards the ground, or (of a person) to become weaker, tired or less confident 
  （植物）枯萎，凋谢；（人）变得萎靡不振
Cut flowers will soon wilt without water.   切花没有水会很快枯萎。
After only an hour's walking they were beginning to wilt in the heat.   才走了一小时，他们就热得没精打采了。



★☆☆   wily
—————————————————
adjective 
■(of a person) clever, having a very good understanding of situations, possibilities and people, and often willing to use tricks to achieve an aim 
  （人）狡猾的，诡计多端的
a wily politician   狡猾的政客
⇨ See also wiles



★☆☆   wimp
—————————————————
noun countable informal disapproving 
■a person who is not strong, brave or confident    懦弱无用的人
I'm afraid I'm a bit of a wimp when it comes to climbing up ladders.   要说爬梯子，恐怕我会有点胆小。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   wimp out informal 
■to decide not to do something because you are too frightened    因恐惧而不做…
I was going to do a parachute jump but I wimped out at the last minute.   我打算去跳伞，但到最后一刻我还是被吓住了。




★☆☆   win
—————————————————
verb (winning, won, won)
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to achieve first position and/or get a prize in a competition or competitive situation    获胜；赢
Which year was it that Italy won the World Cup?   义大利是哪一年赢得世界杯的？
He won first prize/a bottle of gin in the raffle.   他在抽彩中赢得了头奖／一瓶杜松子酒。
Who's winning?   谁会取胜？
This is the third medal she's won this season.   这是本赛季她赢得的第三面奖牌。
Who won the men's finals in the tennis?   谁赢了男子网球决赛？
They won the war, although it cost them millions of lives.   尽管牺牲了数百万人的生命，但他们赢得了战争的胜利。
If this government win the next election, I'm leaving the country.   如果这个政府在下次选举中获胜，我就离开这个国家。
Everyone likes winning an argument.   每个人都希望在争论中取胜。
[+ two objects] It was his goal that won us the match/won the match for us.   是他的进球使我们赢得了比赛。
Her firm have just won (= beaten other companies to get) a cleaning contract worth £3 million.   她的公司刚刚赢得一份价值300万英镑的清洁合约。
transitive 
■to receive something positive, such as approval, loyalty, or love because you have earned it    获得，赢得（赞同、忠诚、好感、爱情等）
Her plans have won the support of many local people.   她的计划赢得了很多当地民众的支持。
This is Jamie, the four-year old who won the hearts of the nation (= made everyone love him and/or feel sympathy for him).   这就是杰米，一位受到全国人民关爱的四岁孩子。
She would do anything to win his love.   为了获得他的爱，她甚么都愿意做。
Winning back his trust was the hardest part.   重新赢得他的信任是最难的部分。verb (winning, won, won)
sb can't win informal 
■used to say that nothing someone does in a situation will succeed or please people 
  （某人）无论怎样做都不能成功（或都不讨好）
Whatever I do seems to annoy her - I can't win.   无论我做甚么都会惹她生气——真是怎么做都不讨好。verb (winning, won, won)
win hands down 
■to win very easily    轻松取胜verb (winning, won, won)
win the day 
■to persuade people to support your ideas or opinions    成功获得支持verb (winning, won, won)
You can't win 'em all. (also You win some, you lose some.) informal 
■something that you say which means it is not possible to succeed at everything you do    不可能凡事都成功；有得必有失
I'd have liked the job but I suppose you can't win 'em all.   我喜欢那份工作，但我认为有得必有失。verb (winning, won, won)
(Okay) you win! 
■something you say to someone who has persuaded you to do something that you did not intend to do, especially when they have used force and you are angry 
  （好吧）你赢了！（用于表示被说服，尤指对方使用强制办法时）
Okay, you win, I can't stand to hear one more complaint from you - we'll go home tomorrow!   好了，你赢了！我再也受不了多听你一句抱怨了——我们明天就回家！verb (winning, won, won)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] win sb over/round 
■to persuade someone to support you or agree with you, often when they were opposed to you before    说服（某人）；把（某人）争取过来
He's not sure about the idea at the moment, but I'm sure we'll win him over in the end.   他现在对这想法还拿不定主意，不过我肯定最后我们能说服他。
They've won over a lot of the electorate since she's been leader of the party.   自她成为了该党的领袖后，他们已经争取过来了很多选民。verb (winning, won, won)
  Phrasal Verbs   win through UK 
■to finally succeed after trying hard to achieve something    最终成功
Most people are fairly confident that the workers will win through in the end.   大部分人很有把握地认为最后劳方会取得胜利。noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■when someone wins a game or competition    胜利；赢；第一名
It was United's sixth consecutive win this season.   这是联队在本赛季取得的第六场连胜。
Everyone was predicting a Republican win at the last election and look what happened.   所有人都预测共和党会在上届大选中获胜，看看发生了甚么。



★☆☆   wince
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
■to show pain suddenly and for a short time in the face, often moving the head back at the same time 
  （因疼痛而）脸部肌肉抽搐，皱眉蹙额
Did I hurt you? - I thought I saw you wince.   我弄痛你了吗？——好像看到你皱了一下眉。
It makes me wince even thinking about eye operations.   一想到眼部手术，我就不由得眉头一皱。



★☆☆   winch
—————————————————
 (also windlass) 
noun countable 
■a machine which lifts heavy objects by turning a chain or rope around a tube-shaped device    绞车；卷扬机



★☆☆   wind
—————————————————
noun 
CURRENT OF AIR  气流  
 ESSENTIAL  countable or uncountable 
■a current of air moving approximately horizontally, especially one strong enough to be felt    风；气流
There isn't enough wind to fly a kite.   风不够大，风筝飞不起来。
The weather forecast warned of winds of up to 60-miles-an-hour today.   天气预报警告说，今天有时速高达60英里的强风。
There was a light wind blowing.   微风轻拂。
Strong/High winds made the crossing very unpleasant.   强风使横度变得非常不舒服。
The sails flapped in the wind.   风帆在风中啪啪地拍打着。
literary There wasn't a breath of (= even a slight amount of) wind.   没有一丝风。
A gust of wind suddenly caught her skirt.   突然一阵风吹动了她的裙子。
The wind is beginning to pick up (= get stronger).   风开始越刮越猛。
She ran like the wind (= very fast) to catch up.   她像一阵风似的赶了上去。noun 
BREATH  呼吸  
uncountable mainly UK 
■breath or the ability to breathe    呼吸；呼吸能力
I had to stop halfway up the hill to get my wind (= allow my breathing to return to normal).   我不得不在半山腰停下来喘喘气。
uncountable informal disapproving 
■words that do not mean anything and false statements    空谈，废话
I rarely bother to listen to politicians' speeches - it's all just wind.   几乎从不费神去听政治家的演讲——都是废话。noun 
BOWELS  肠子  
uncountable UK (US gas) 
■gas in the bowels or in a baby's stomach, especially that which makes you feel uncomfortable or makes noises    肠气，胃气，肠胃气胀
I like garlic but it gives me terrible wind.   我爱吃大蒜，但吃了肚子胀气很厉害。noun 
get wind of sth 
■to hear a piece of information that someone else was trying to keep secret    听到…的风声；得知…秘密消息
I don't want my colleagues to get wind of the fact that I'm leaving.   我不想让我的同事知道我要离开的消息。noun 
put/get the wind up sb UK 
■to make someone feel worried about their situation    使（某人）变得紧张（或害怕）
Tell them your father's a policeman - that'll put the wind up them!   告诉他们，你爸爸是员警——那会令他们害怕！noun 
take the wind out of sb's sails 
■to make someone feel less confident or less determined to do something, usually by saying or doing something that they are not expecting    使（某人）泄气；使（某人）不坚定
I was all ready to tell him that the relationship was over when he greeted me with a big bunch of flowers - it rather took the wind out of my sails.   我已经准备好告诉他，我们的关系已经结束了，可他捧着一大束花向我迎来——这令我的心又软了下来。verb (winded, winded)
BREATH  呼吸  
transitive 
■to make it difficult or temporarily impossible for someone to breathe, usually by hitting them in the stomach 
  （通常透过击打腹部而）使气急，使呼吸困难verb (winded, winded)
BOWELS  肠子  
transitive UK (US burp) 
■to rub or very gently hit a baby on the back to allow air to come up from the stomach 
  （用抚拍的方法）使（婴儿）打嗝通气verb (wound, wound)
TURN  转  
 ADVANCED  intransitive or transitive [usually + adv/prep] 
■to turn or cause something to turn    绕；使卷绕
She wound the handle but nothing happened.   她转动把手，但是没起甚么作用。
Once she'd got into the car, she wound the window down/up (= caused it to open/close by turning a handle).   她一进到车里，就把车窗玻璃摇了下来／上去。
UK Does this camera wind on (= does the film in it move forward) automatically?   这部照相机是自动进片的吗？
That noise you can hear is the tape winding back.   你能听到的那种噪声是倒磁带的声音。
⇨ See also rewind
transitive (also wind up) 
■If you wind (up) a clock or watch, you cause it to work by turning a key, handle or other device.    给（钟表）上弦，给…上发条
intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■If a road, path or river winds, it follows a route which turns repeatedly in different directions 
  （道路或河流等）曲折前进，蜿蜒
The river winds through the valley.   河流弯弯曲曲地穿过山谷。verb (wound, wound)
WRAP AROUND  缠绕  
transitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to wrap something around an object several times or twist it repeatedly around itself    包，裹；使缠绕成团
She wound a scarf around her neck.   她在脖子上围了一条围巾。
He wound the string into a ball.   他将绳子缠成一团。
He wound a small bandage round her finger.   他在她的手指上缠了一小条绷带。verb (wound, wound)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] wind (sth) down 
■to end gradually or in stages, or to cause something to do this 
  （使）逐渐结束
The government intends to wind the scheme down in early spring.   政府有意在早春时节将这个计划逐渐收尾。
Unfortunately, the party was just winding down as we got there.   不幸的是，我们赶到时聚会已接近尾声了。
■If a business or organization winds down, or if someone winds it down, the amount of work it does is gradually reduced until it closes completely 
  （使）（企业或机构）逐渐关闭，（使）慢慢倒闭
They're winding down their operations abroad because they're losing money.   因为亏损，他们正在逐步缩减海外业务。verb (wound, wound)
  Phrasal Verbs   wind down 
■to gradually relax after doing something that has made you tired or worried 
  （劳累或担心之后）放松下来
When he goes on holiday, it takes him the first couple of days just to wind down.   他去渡假时，开始几天只是放松放松。verb (wound, wound)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] wind sth up 
■to close a business or organization    关闭（企业或机构）；使停业
Lawyers were called in to wind up the company.   律师被请来对这家公司进行停业清理。verb (wound, wound)
  Phrasal Verbs   wind up informal 
■to find yourself in an unexpected and usually unpleasant situation, especially as a result of what you do 
  （使自己）陷入，卷入，落得
If he carries on like this he's going to wind up in prison!   如果他这么做下去，最终会进监狱的！
You don't want to wind up homeless, do you?   你不想最后落得无家可归，对不对？verb (wound, wound)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] wind (sth) up 
■to end, or to make an activity end 
  （使）结束
I think it's about time we wound this meeting up.   我看我们该结束这次会议了。
We need to wind up now, we've only got five minutes.   我们现在得结束了，只剩五分钟的时间。verb (wound, wound)
  Phrasal Verbs   wind sb up UK informal 
ANNOY  
[M] 
■to annoy or upset someone    惹恼（某人）；使（某人）心烦
It really winds me up when he goes on about teachers having an easy life.   他不停地说教师的日子过得很轻松，真能把我气坏。
She just knows how to wind me up.   她就知道如何惹恼我。
⇨ See also wound up
DECEIVE  
■to tell someone something that is not true in order to make a joke 
  （为开玩笑而）欺骗，哄骗，戏弄
Are you serious or are you just trying to wind me up?   你是认真的还是只想骗骗我？    wind-up    /ˈwaɪnd.ʌp]
noun countable usually singular    UK informal    2. You can't be serious - is this a wind-up?    你不可能是认真的——你是不是在骗我？




★☆☆   windbag
—————————————————
 informal disapproving 
noun countable 
■a person who talks too much about boring things    喋喋不休的人；夸夸其谈的人



★☆☆   windbreak
—————————————————
noun countable 
■something which gives protection from the wind, such as a row of trees, bushes, or a wall    风障；防风林；挡风墙



★☆☆   windbreaker
—————————————————
UK US US (UK old-fashioned windcheater) 
noun countable 
■a jacket which is made of a material which protects you from the wind    防风外套；风衣



★☆☆   wind-chill
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the effect that wind has on how cold the air feels    风寒（风的寒冷感觉）
It's two degrees outside, but with the wind-chill factor , it feels like minus five.   外面温度是两度，可是由于风寒的因素，感觉像是零下五度。



★☆☆   wind chimes 
—————————————————
plural noun 
■an arrangement of shells or small decorative shapes of metal or wood that hang from pieces of wire or string and make a gentle noise when moved by the wind    风铃



★☆☆   winded
—————————————————
adjective [after verb] 
■temporarily unable to breathe, either when hit in the stomach or after taking hard physical exercise    气急的；喘不上气的
Simon is so unfit - he gets winded just from walking up a flight of stairs.   赛门的身体太差了——他只爬了一段楼梯就喘不上来气。



★☆☆   winder
—————————————————
UK noun countable    UK (US stem) 
■a small knob (= round handle) on a watch, which you use for winding it 
  （手表上上弦的）旋柄
■a key or handle for winding a clock 
  （钟表上上发条用的）锁匙，手柄



★☆☆   windfall
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
MONEY  意外的钱财  
■an amount of money that you win or receive from someone unexpectedly    意外之财
Investors each received a windfall of £3000.   每位投资者都获得3000英镑的意外之财。
The government is hoping to collect a windfall tax (= extra tax on a large unexpected company profit) from British Electric.   政府打算针对英国电气公司获得的大笔意外利润征收额外的税款。UK noun countable 
FRUIT  水果  
■a piece of fruit blown down from a tree    被风吹落的水果
I tend to leave the windfalls for the birds to pick at.   我常常会把被风吹落的水果留给鸟啄食。



★☆☆   wind farm 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a group of wind turbines (= tall structures with blades that are blown by the wind) that are used for producing electricity    风力发电厂（内有一组带叶片的风力涡轮发电机）



★☆☆   wind gauge 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a device for measuring the force of the wind    风力计；风速计



★☆☆   wind instrument 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a musical instrument whose sound is produced by blowing    管乐器；吹奏乐器
Saxophones and flutes are wind instruments.   萨克斯管和长笛是管乐器。



★☆☆   windlass
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a winch 



★☆☆   windless
—————————————————
 literary 
adjective 
■without wind    无风的
a windless day   一个无风的日子



★☆☆   windmill
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a building or structure with large blades on the outside which, when turned by the force of the wind, provide the power for getting water out of the ground or crushing grain    风车房；风力磨坊；风车
■* a wind turbine 
■(US also pinwheel) 
■a child's toy which consists of a stick with brightly coloured pieces of plastic at one end which turn around when you blow them or hold the toy in the wind    （儿童玩具）风车



★☆☆   window
—————————————————
UK noun 
GLASS  玻璃  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a space usually filled with glass in the wall of a building or in a vehicle, to allow light and air in and to allow people inside the building to see out    窗，窗户，窗口
Is it all right if I open/close the window?   我打开／关上窗户可以吗？
He caught me staring out of the window.   他看到我正在向窗外凝视。
I saw a child's face at the window.   我看到视窗有一张孩子的脸。
She's got some wonderful plants in the window (= on a surface at the bottom of the window).   她窗台上摆了些奇妙的植物。
I was admiring the cathedral's stained-glass windows.   我正在欣赏大教堂里的彩色玻璃窗。
Have you paid the window cleaner (= person whose job is to clean the outside of windows) ?   你付给擦窗户的工人工钱了吗？
window frames   窗框
a window ledge   窗台
only singular literary 
■something that makes it possible for you to see and learn about a situation or experience that is different from your own 
  （让人了解其他情况或经历的）视窗
The film provides a window on the immigrant experience.   这部影片提供了一个了解移民经历的视窗。
countable 
■a transparent rectangle on the front of an envelope, through which you can read the address written on the letter inside 
  （信封上的）透明纸窗
countable 
■the decorative arrangement of goods behind the window at the front of a shop, in addition to the window itself 
  （商店的）陈列窗口，橱窗
How much is the jacket in the window?   橱窗里的那件外套多少钱？
The shop windows are wonderful around Christmas time.   圣诞节期间商店的橱窗非常漂亮。UK noun 
COMPUTER  电脑  
countable 
■a separate area on a computer screen which shows information and which you can move around 
  （电脑的）视窗，窗口
to minimize/maximize a window   将视窗最小／最大化UK noun 
OPPORTUNITY  机会  
countable 
■a period when there is an opportunity to do something    时机；机会
I'm quite busy this week but there might be a window on Friday.   我本周相当忙，但可能在星期五还有点空。
If a window of opportunity (= an opportunity) should present itself, I'd take advantage of it.   如果出现机会，我就要去利用。UK noun 
go out (of) the window 
■If a quality, principle or idea goes out of the window, it does not exist any more    完全消失，不再存在
Then people start drinking and sense goes out of the window.   人们开始喝酒，理性不复存在。



★☆☆   window box 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a box filled with earth, for growing decorative plants in, which is put on an outside windowsill 
  （窗沿上装土用来种植植物的）窗口花坛
window boxes full of brightly coloured geraniums   长满鲜艳夺目的天竺葵的视窗花坛



★☆☆   window dressing 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
SHOPS  商店  
■the skill of decorating shop windows and arranging goods in them so that they look attractive to people going past    商店橱窗装饰艺术；橱窗设计艺术noun uncountable 
DECEIVING  欺骗     disapproving 
■things that are said or done in order to make an attractive effect but which are of no real importance    装饰门面的东西
Never mind the extra day's holiday, the free health care, and all the other window dressing in the company's offer - the point is, how much more money are we getting?   别提甚么公司提供的额外假日、免费的保健和其他所有那些装饰门面的东西了——关键在于我们能多拿到多少钱？



★☆☆   window ledge 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a windowsill (= a shelf below a window)    窗台；窗沿



★☆☆   windowpane
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a single piece of glass in the window of a building    窗玻璃



★☆☆   window seat 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a seat on a train, aircraft or other, especially public, vehicle which is next to a window 
  （尤指公共交通工具上）靠窗子的座位
■a seat in a building which is below a window 
  （建筑物中）靠窗子的座位



★☆☆   window shade
—————————————————
US 
noun countable 
■a blind (= a cover for a window)    遮光窗帘



★☆☆   window-shopping
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■when you spend time looking at the goods on sale in shop windows without intending to buy any of them    浏览商店橱窗（无意购买）



★☆☆   windowsill
—————————————————
UK US (also window ledge) 
noun countable 
■a shelf below a window, either inside or outside a building    窗台；窗沿
He's got a few plants in pots on the windowsill.   他在窗台上放了几盆植物。



★☆☆   windpipe
—————————————————
 (specialized trachea) 
noun countable 
■the tube in the body which carries air that has been breathed in from the upper end of the throat to the lungs    气管
A bit of food went down my windpipe and gave me a coughing fit.   气管里进了一点食物，呛得我直咳嗽。



★☆☆   wind pollination 
—————————————————
noun uncountable specialized 
■the process in which the wind carries pollen (= powder produced by male part of flower) from one plant to another which is then fertilized    风媒传粉（植物雄蕊制造的花粉依靠风力传到雌蕊上的授粉过程）



★☆☆   windscreen
—————————————————
noun countable    UK (US windshield) 
■the window at the front of a car, truck etc. 
  （汽车等的）挡风玻璃
US for    * windbreak 



★☆☆   windscreen wiper
—————————————————
UK US UK (US windshield wiper) 
noun countable usually plural 
■one of two long metal and rubber parts that move against a windscreen to remove rain    挡风玻璃刮水器；风挡雨刷



★☆☆   windsock
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a tube of cloth fastened at one end to a pole which shows the direction of the wind at an airport 
  （机场的）风向袋



★☆☆   Windsurfer
—————————————————
UK US (also sailboard) trademark 
noun countable 
■a narrow board with a sail fixed to it which you hold, standing up, while the wind blows you along the surface of a sea or lake    风帆冲浪板，帆板



★☆☆   windsurfer
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who goes windsurfing    风帆冲浪运动员



★☆☆   windsurfing
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a sport in which you sail across water by standing on a board and holding onto a large sail    风帆冲浪运动，帆板运动
I went windsurfing most afternoons.   下午我通常都去玩帆板。    Compare surfing



★☆☆   windswept
—————————————————
adjective 
■(of places) open to and not protected from strong winds, or (of people) having hair that is untidy because it has been blown in different directions by the wind 
  （地方）受强风侵袭的；（头发）被风吹乱的
We drove down to the windswept Atlantic coast of Portugal.   我们驱车前往葡萄牙常受大风侵袭的大西洋海岸。
windswept hair   被风吹乱的头发



★☆☆   wind tunnel 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a closed passage or room through which currents of air are forced in order to study the effects of moving air on aircraft and other vehicles 
  （用于测量飞机或其他交通工具风阻的）风洞



★☆☆   wind turbine 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a tall structure with blades that are blown round by the wind and produce power to make electricity    风力发电机



★☆☆   windward
—————————————————
UK US  specialized 
adjective 
■(on the side of a hill, etc.) facing the wind    迎风的；向风的
On the windward leg of the race the wind was strong.   在比赛顶风的一段赛程，风刮得非常猛。    Compare leeward



★☆☆   windy
—————————————————
adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■with a lot of wind    刮风的；多风的
It was a windy night.   那是个多风的夜晚。
It was wet and windy for most of the week.   本周的大部分时间都在刮风下雨。



★☆☆   wine
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■an alcoholic drink which is usually made from grapes , but can also be made from other fruits or flowers. It is made by fermenting the fruit with water and sugar    葡萄酒；果酒
a wine cellar/connoisseur/cooler/glass   酒窖／酒鉴赏家／镇酒冰杯／玻璃酒杯
red/white/dry/sweet/sparkling/table wine   红／白／无甜味的／甜／有汽的／佐餐葡萄酒
Shall we have a bottle/glass of wine with dinner?   我们晚餐喝一瓶／杯葡萄酒好吗？
I love Australian wines, especially the white wines.   我喜欢澳大利亚葡萄酒，特别是白葡萄酒。
Would you like to see the wine list , sir?   先生，您要不要看一下酒单？verb 
wine and dine sb 
■to entertain someone by giving them food and drink    设酒宴款待（某人）
The survey concludes that most women like to be wined and dined on the first few dates.   调查得出结论：大多数女性在最初的几次约会喜欢去餐馆大吃大喝。



★☆☆   wine bar
—————————————————
UK 
noun countable 
■a bar or small restaurant which serves mainly wines 
  （主要供应葡萄酒的）酒吧，小酒馆



★☆☆   wine rack 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a wooden or metal frame used to store bottles of wine horizontally 
  （用来水准放置酒瓶的）搁架



★☆☆   wing
—————————————————
noun countable 
FOR FLYING  用于飞行的结构  
 ESSENTIAL  
■the flat part of the body which a bird, insect or bat uses for flying, or one of the flat horizontal structures that stick out from the side of an aircraft and support it when it is flying 
  （鸟类等的）翅膀；（飞机的）机翼
the delicacy of a butterfly's wings   蝴蝶翅膀的精致
I don't like chicken wings - there's not much meat on them.   我不喜欢吃鸡翅——上面没有多少肉。
I could see the plane's wing out of my window.   我透过身边的窗户能看到飞机的机翼。
take wing literary 
■If a bird takes wing, it flies away.    飞走
■to suddenly develop, freely and powerfully    突然发展；自由飞扬
She walked in the hills, letting her thoughts take wing.   她走在山坡上，任思绪自由飞扬。
on the wing literary 
■A bird that is on the wing is flying. 
  （鸟）正在飞翔noun countable 
POLITICAL GROUP  政治团体  
 IMPROVER  
■a group within a political party or organization whose beliefs are in some way different from those of the main group 
  （政党中的）派别，宗派
The president is on the left/right wing of the Democratic party.   总统属于民主党左翼／右翼。noun countable 
PART OF BUILDING  建筑的一部分  
■a part of a large building which sticks out from the main part, often having been added at a later date 
  （常指后来增建的）建筑翼部，厢房，侧厅
The maternity ward will be in the new wing of the hospital.   产科病房将设在医院新建的一侧。
The west wing of the house is still lived in by Lord and Lady Carlton, while the rest of the house is open to the public.   房子的西翼仍由卡尔顿勋爵及夫人居住，而其余部分则向公众开放。noun countable 
PART OF CAR  汽车部件     UK (US fender) 
■one of the four parts at the side of a car which go over the wheels 
  （汽车的）挡泥板，翼子板
There's a dent in the left wing.   左挡泥板上有个凹痕。
Look in your wing mirror.   看你侧面的反光镜。noun countable 
SPORTS  体育运动  
■(in various team games, such as football and hockey) either of the two sides of the sports field, or a player whose position is at either of the two sides of the field 
  （足球、曲棍球等集体项目的）侧翼位置，侧翼队员，边锋队员
Minelli passes the ball to Hernandez out there on the wing.   米内利将球传给处在边锋位置的埃尔南德斯。
He played left/right wing for Manchester United.   他在曼联队踢左／右边锋。noun countable 
THEATRE  舞台  
the wings [plural] 
■the sides of a stage which cannot be seen by the people watching the play 
  （舞台的）侧面
I was in the wings waiting for my cue to come on stage.   我站在舞台的侧面，等待上台的提示。noun countable 
on a wing and a prayer 
■If you do something on a wing and a prayer, you do it hoping that you will succeed, although you are not prepared enough for it    准备不充分但又希望成功
With scarcely any funding and a staff of six, they were operating on a wing and a prayer.   他们几乎没有甚么资金而且只有六名员工，却希望能够正常运作。noun countable 
take sb under your wing 
■If you take someone under your wing, you start to protect and take care of them    呵护（某人）；庇护（某人）
I was a bit lonely and fed up at the time and she took me under her wing.   那时我有点孤独和厌倦，她给了我很多关照。verb informal 
wing it 
■to perform or speak without having prepared what you are going to do or say    即兴做；即兴发言
I hadn't had time to prepare for the talk, so I just had to wing it.   我没时间准备发言，所以只好即兴发挥。



★☆☆   wing chair 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a chair with a high back from which large side pieces stick out    翼状靠背椅



