★☆☆   motherland
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■fatherland 



★☆☆   motherless
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■without a mother    没有母亲的
a poor motherless child   没有母亲的可怜孩子



★☆☆   motherly
—————————————————
UK adjective usually approving 
■describes a woman who treats other people with a lot of kindness and love and tries to make certain they are happy    母亲似的，慈母般的



★☆☆   Mother Nature 
—————————————————
noun uncountable often humorous 
■nature, especially when considered as a force that controls the weather and all living things    大自然
It is better to try to work with, rather than against, Mother Nature.   最好是与大自然合作，而不是与之对抗。



★☆☆   mother-of-pearl
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a smooth, hard substance forming a layer inside the shells of some sea animals. It is white but also seems to shine with many different colours. It is used to make buttons and for decoration.    珠母层，珍珠母



★☆☆   Mother's Day
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular (UK also Mothering Sunday) 
■a day each year when people give a card or present to their mother or do something special for her    母亲节



★☆☆   mother-to-be
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a woman who is pregnant    孕妇



★☆☆   mother tongue 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■the first language that you learn when you are a baby, rather than a language learned at school or as an adult    母语；本国语；本族语



★☆☆   mothproof
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■(especially of clothes) chemically treated in order to keep moths away 
  （衣服）防虫的



★☆☆   motif
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
PATTERN  图案  
■a pattern or design    图案，式样
We chose some curtains with a flower motif.   我们选择了一些带花卉图案的窗帘。UK noun countable 
IDEA  想法  
■an idea that is used many times in a piece of writing or music    中心思想，主题
The motif of betrayal is crucial in all these stories.   在所有这些故事中背叛是至关重要的主题。



★☆☆   motile
—————————————————
UK adjective specialized 
■(especially of plants, organisms and very small forms of life) able to move by itself 
  （植物或微生物等）能动的



★☆☆   motion
—————————————————
UK noun 
MOVEMENT  移动  
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable 
■the act or process of moving, or a particular action or movement    动；运动；移动
The violent motion of the ship upset his stomach.   船的剧烈摇晃使他的胃很不舒服。
He rocked the cradle with a gentle backwards and forwards motion.   他轻轻地前后晃动摇篮。
They showed the goal again in slow motion (= at a slower speed so that the action could be more clearly seen).   他们用慢动作又播了一次进球画面。
countable UK 
■a polite way of referring to the process of excretion of solid waste, or the waste itself    排便，大便，粪便（委婉语）
The nurse asked if her motions were regular.   护士问她排便是否正常。UK noun 
SUGGESTION  建议  
countable 
■a formal suggestion made, discussed and voted on at a meeting 
  （会议中正式提出准备表决的）提议，动议
[+ to infinitive] Someone proposed a motion to increase the membership fee to £500 a year.   有人提议将会费增加至每年500英镑。
The motion was accepted/passed/defeated/rejected.   提议获得接受／获得通过／被驳倒／遭到否决。UK noun 
go through the motions informal disapproving 
■to do something without thinking it is very important or having much interest in it    装装样子；敷衍了事
He says he's been investigating my complaint, but I feel he's just going through the motions.   他说他一直在调查我的投诉，可我觉得他只是在敷衍了事。UK noun 
put/set sth in motion 
■to start a machine or process    使…开始运转，启动
Once the printing processes have been put in motion, they're not so easy to stop.   印刷程式一旦开始，就不容易停下来。
We wrote to the passport office to set the whole process in motion.   我们写信到护照办公室启动一整套程式。UK verb intransitive or transitive [usually + adv/prep] 
■to make a signal to someone, usually with your hand or head    做手势；点（或摇）头示意
I saw him motion to the man at the door, who quietly left.   我看到他向门口的人示意，那人便悄然离开了。
Her attendants all gathered round her, but she motioned them away.   随从都围到她身边，但她示意他们离开。
[+ obj + to infinitive] He motioned me to sit down.   他示意叫我坐下。



★☆☆   motionless
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■without moving    不动的，静止的
The horse lay motionless on the ground, as if dead.   这匹马一动不动躺在地上，像死了似的。



★☆☆   motion picture 
—————————————————
noun countable    US formal for 
■movie 



★☆☆   motion sickness 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■travel sickness 



★☆☆   motivate
—————————————————
UK verb 
transitive often passive 
■to cause someone to behave in a particular way    使产生动机；激起
Like so many people, he's motivated by greed.   像许多人一样，他为贪婪所驱使。
He is genuinely motivated by a desire to help people.   他做事完全是出于助人之心。
transitive 
■to make someone want to do something well    激励；激发…的积极性
[+ to infinitive] Teaching is all about motivating people to learn.   教学就是要激发人们学习。



★☆☆   motivation
—————————————————
UK noun 
ENTHUSIASM  热情  
uncountable 
■enthusiasm for doing something    积极性；干劲
He's a bright enough student - he just lacks motivation.   他是个很聪明的学生，只是不够积极。
There seems to be a lack of motivation among the staff.   员工似乎都缺乏干劲。UK noun 
REASON  动机  
countable 
■the need or reason for doing something    动机，诱因
What was the motivation for the attack?   这次袭击的动机是甚么？
The motivation behind the decision is the desire to improve our service to our customers.   我们作出这项决定，目的在于改善我们的顾客服务。



★☆☆   motivational
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■giving you motivation (= enthusiasm)    激发积极性的
a motivational speaker   讲话鼓舞人心的演讲者



★☆☆   motive
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a reason for doing something    动机；（行动的）缘由；目的
Why would she have killed him? She has no motive.   为甚么她会杀害他？她没有动机。
Does he have a motive for lying about where he was?   他有必要隐瞒自己去过哪里吗？
What is the motive behind (= the reason for) the bombing?   轰炸的动机是甚么？
I think you should examine/question their motives in offering to lend you the money.   我认为你该仔细考虑一下／质疑他们主动借钱给你的意图。
She denies that she has has an ulterior (= secret) motive for making the donation.   她否认这次捐款是别有用心。UK adjective [before noun] specialized 
■(of power or force) causing movement or action 
  （引起）运动的；发动的；原动的



★☆☆   motiveless
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■without a motive    无动机的；无目的的
an apparently motiveless murder   一件看似没有动机的谋杀案



★☆☆   mot juste
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular (plural mots justes)    formal 
■the word or phrase that is exactly right in a particular situation    十分恰当的用词；非常贴切的字眼



★☆☆   motley
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■consisting of many different types and therefore appearing strange or of low quality    混杂的；不同种类的
There's a motley assortment/collection of old furniture in the house we're renting at the moment.   我们现在租住的房子里有一堆杂七杂八的旧家俱。
The people who turned up to the meeting were a motley crew (= a group consisting of many different types of people).   出席会议的人甚么样的都有。



★☆☆   motocross
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable (also scrambling) 
■the sport of racing over rough ground on specially strengthened motorcycles    摩托车越野赛



★☆☆   motor
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
DEVICE  装置  
 IMPROVER  
■a device that changes electricity or fuel into movement and makes a machine work    发动机，引擎；电动机，马达
The pump is powered by a small electric motor.   这个泵是由一个小马达提供动力的。
Our washing machine needs a new motor.   我们的洗衣机需要换个新马达。
mainly US I've had a new motor (= engine) put in my car.   我请人在我的车里安装了一个新引擎。UK noun countable 
CAR  汽车     mainly UK old-fashioned 
■a car    汽车
Do you know anyone who's looking for a second-hand motor?   你知道有谁想买二手车吗？UK adjective [before noun] 
CAR  汽车     mainly UK 
■connected with cars or other vehicles which have engines and use roads    汽车的
This has been a difficult year for the motor industry/trade.   今年是汽车工业／贸易不景气的一年。
motor insurance   汽车保险UK adjective [before noun] 
MUSCLES  肌肉的     specialized 
■relating to muscles that produce movement, or the nerves and parts of the brain that control these muscles    肌肉运动的；运动神经的
He has poor motor control/functions.   他的运动神经的控制力／功能较差。UK verb intransitive    UK old-fashioned 
■to drive    驾驶汽车
I was just motoring along , minding my own business, when suddenly I was stopped by the police.   我正开着车，想着自己的事，突然被员警拦住了。
■informal 
■to move or increase very quickly    快速移动；迅速增加
Shares have motored ahead as profits have risen.   随着利润上升，股价也迅速攀升。



★☆☆   motorbike
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 IMPROVER  UK 
■a motorcycle 
She jumped on her motorbike and raced off down the road.   她跳上摩托车，沿着这条路疾驶而去。
 IMPROVER  US 
■a bicycle with a small engine    轻型摩托车



★☆☆   motorboat
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a usually small and often fast boat which is driven by an engine    摩托艇，汽艇；汽船



★☆☆   motorcade
—————————————————
UK noun countable (US also autocade) 
■a series of cars and other motor vehicles which moves slowly along a road carrying someone important, especially during an official ceremony 
  （尤指官方仪式上的）（汽）车队，汽车行列



★☆☆   motor car 
—————————————————
noun countable UK formal or old-fashioned 
■a car    汽车



★☆☆   motorcycle
—————————————————
UK noun countable (also motorbike) 
■a vehicle with two wheels and an engine    摩托车



★☆☆   motorcyclist
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who rides a motorcycle    骑摩托车的人



★☆☆   motorhome
—————————————————
(also motor home) UK noun countable 
■a large motor vehicle that is designed to be lived in while travelling. It contains cooking equipment, one or more beds, and sometimes a toilet. 
  （有厨具、卧榻，有的也有洗手间的）野营车



★☆☆   motoring
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] mainly UK 
■relating to driving    开汽车的；汽车驾驶的
motoring costs   养车费用
It was the first time he'd been convicted of a motoring offence.   这是他第一次被判违规驾驶。



★☆☆   motor inn 
—————————————————
noun countable    US for 
■motel 



★☆☆   motorist
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a person who drives a car    开汽车的人，驾驶者



★☆☆   motorized
—————————————————
(UK usually motorised) UK adjective 
WITH AN ENGINE  有引擎的  
■specially fitted with an engine or motor    机动的，装有引擎或马达的
a motorized wheelchair   电动轮椅(UK usually motorised) UK adjective 
SOLDIERS  士兵  
■Soldiers who are motorized are provided with wheeled vehicles which have engines    摩托化的；机动化的
motorized infantry   机动步兵



★☆☆   motor lodge 
—————————————————
noun countable    US for 
■motel 



★☆☆   motorman
—————————————————
UK noun countable US 
■a driver of an underground train 
  （地铁）司机



★☆☆   motormouth
—————————————————
UK noun countable informal disapproving 
■a person who talks quickly and continuously, often without considering what they are saying    喋喋不休的人



★☆☆   motor mower 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a machine for cutting grass that has a motor    电动割草机



★☆☆   motor neurone disease 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a disease which causes the muscles to become weak and results in death    运动神经元病



★☆☆   motor racing 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the sport of racing extremely fast and powerful cars around a track    赛车



★☆☆   motor scooter 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a very light motorcycle with small wheels    小型摩托车



★☆☆   motor vehicle 
—————————————————
noun countable formal or legal 
■a vehicle that has an engine    机动车辆
The council has forbidden motor vehicles from entering the city centre.   市政府已禁止机动车辆进入市中心。



★☆☆   motorway
—————————————————
UK noun countable UK (US freeway) 
 IMPROVER  
■a wide road built for fast moving traffic travelling long distances    高速公路
Because of the bad weather, motorway (driving) conditions are expected to be hazardous tonight.   由于天气恶劣，预计今晚在高速公路驾车会很危险。



★☆☆   Motown
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable trademark 
■a type of popular music which is similar to rhythm and blues , or an American record company, based in Detroit, and started by black people, which produces this    摩城音乐（一种流行音乐，与节奏蓝调类似）；或是总部设于美国底特律的一家黑人开办的唱片公司（此公司制作摩城音乐）
a new album on the Motown label   摩城唱片公司的新唱片
Motown was particularly popular in the 1960s and 1970s.   二十世纪六、七十年代时，摩城音乐特别流行。



★☆☆   Motswana
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■See table of Geographical names .    波劄那人



★☆☆   mottled
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■covered with areas of different colours which do not form a regular pattern    杂色的；斑驳的
mottled skin   有斑点的皮肤



★☆☆   motto
—————————————————
UK noun countable (plural mottos or mottoes)
■a short sentence or phrase that expresses a belief or purpose    座右铭，格言，箴言
Her motto is "Work hard, play hard".   她的座右铭是“努力工作，痛快玩乐”。



★☆☆   mould
—————————————————
UK (ALSO US mold) UK noun 
GREEN/GREY GROWTH  灰绿色成长物  
uncountable 
■a soft green or grey growth which develops on old food or on objects that have been left for too long in warm wet air    霉；霉菌
There was mould on the cheese.   这块起司发霉了。UK (ALSO US mold) UK noun 
SHAPE  形状  
countable 
■a hollow container with a particular shape into which soft or liquid substances are poured, so that when the substance becomes hard it takes the shape of the container    模子，模具；铸模
a cake/jelly mould   蛋糕／果冻模具UK (ALSO US mold) UK noun 
TYPE OF PERSON  人格  
only singular 
■If someone is from or in a mould, they have the characteristics typical of a certain type of person 
  （人的）性格，气质，类型
He's cast in a very different mould from his brother.   他和他弟弟的性格截然不同。
He's a player in the Becker mould.   他是贝克那一类型的球员。UK (ALSO US mold) UK verb 
transitive 
■to make a soft substance a particular shape    用模具制作；塑造；使成形
This plastic is going to be moulded into plates.   这里的塑胶将被制成碟子。
The children moulded little pots out of/from (= made them by shaping) clay.   孩子用黏土制作小罐。
transitive 
■to try to change or influence someone    力图改变；对…施加影响
He kept trying to mould me into something he wanted me to be.   他总是想把我塑造成他希望的样子。
intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to fit the body very closely    紧贴身体
She was wearing an extremely tight costume which moulded to/round the contours of her body.   她身穿一套非常紧身的服装，身体的线条显露无遗。



★☆☆   moulder
—————————————————
UK (ALSO US molder) UK verb intransitive 
■to decay slowly; to rot    腐烂
I found these apples mouldering in the cupboard.   我发现放在碗橱里的这些苹果烂了。
■to be left somewhere and not used or cared for    废弃
There's an old bike that's been mouldering away in the shed for years.   车棚里有辆废弃多年的旧脚踏车。



★☆☆   moulding
—————————————————
UK (ALSO US molding) UK noun countable or uncountable 
■a piece of wood, plastic, stone, etc. which has been made into a particular shape to decorate the top or bottom of a wall, or a door, window or piece of furniture    饰条，线脚；板条



★☆☆   mouldy
—————————————————
UK (ALSO US moldy) UK adjective 
COVERED  有的  
■covered with mould    发霉的
mouldy bread/cheese   发霉的面包／起司UK (ALSO US moldy) UK adjective 
BAD  不好的  
[before noun] UK old-fashioned slang 
■of little value; unpleasant    不值钱的；令人厌烦的
All he gave me was a mouldy old 50p.   他只给了我区区50便士。
■not modern or interesting    陈腐的；过时的
The city's museums are filled with mouldy old collections.   这个城市的博物馆里都是过时的旧藏品。



★☆☆   moult
—————————————————
UK (ALSO US usually molt) UK verb intransitive 
■(of a bird or animal) to lose feathers, skin or hair as a natural process at a particular time of year so that new feathers, skin or hair can grow 
  （鸟或动物）脱毛；褪皮；换羽



★☆☆   mound
—————————————————
noun countable 
PILE  堆  
■a large pile of earth, stones, etc. like a small hill    土堆，沙石堆；小丘
a burial mound (= a place where people were buried in ancient times)   墓冢
■a large pile of something 
  （一）堆，一（垛）
a mound of potatoes/papers   一堆马铃薯／报纸noun countable 
BASEBALL  棒球     US 
■the raised area in baseball from which the pitcher throws the ball 
  （棒球场内高出地面的）投球区土墩



★☆☆   Mount
—————————————————
noun (written abbreviation Mt) 
■used as part of the name of a mountain 
  （用于山名前）山，峰
Mount Everest   珠穆朗玛峰
Mount Hood   胡德山



★☆☆   mount
—————————————————
verb 
INCREASE  增加  
 ADVANCED  intransitive 
■to gradually increase, rise, or get bigger    增加；增长；上升
The children's excitement is mounting as Christmas gets nearer.   随着圣诞临近，孩子都越来越兴奋。verb 
GET ON  乘上  
intransitive or transitive 
■to get on a horse, bicycle, etc. in order to ride    骑上（马、脚踏车等）
She mounted her horse and rode off.   她骑上马走了。verb 
GO UP  登上  
transitive 
■to go up or onto    登上
He mounted the platform and began to speak to the assembled crowd.   他登上讲台，开始对集会的群众发表演讲。
formal Queen Elizabeth II mounted the throne (= became queen) in 1952.   女王伊丽莎白二世1952年即位。verb 
ORGANIZE  组织  
transitive 
■to organize and begin an activity or event    组织；发动；开展；举行
to mount an attack/campaign/challenge/protest   发动进攻／开展运动／提出挑战／发起抗议
to mount an exhibition/display   举办展览verb 
FIX  固定  
transitive 
■to fix something on a wall, in a frame etc., so that it can be viewed or used    安放，安装；镶嵌；裱贴
The children's work has been mounted on cards and put up on the walls of the classroom.   孩子的作品都装裱在卡片上，张贴在教室的墙上。
The CCTV camera is mounted above the main door.   闭路电视的摄像机安装在大门的上方。verb 
GUARD  警卫  
transitive 
■to place someone on guard    设置（岗哨）；担任（警卫）
Sentries are mounted outside the palace at all times.   宫殿外一直有哨兵站岗。
mount guard (on/over sb) 
■to guard someone    守护，保卫（某人）
Armed security officers are employed to mount guard over the president.   雇用了武装保安人员来保护总统。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   mount up 
■to gradually become a large amount 
  （逐渐）增加，增长
It isn't a good idea to let bills mount up.   让帐单越积越多可不是个好办法。noun countable 
HORSE  马     formal 
■a horse    马
an excellent mount for a child   供孩子骑的好马noun countable 
FOR A PICTURE ETC.  用以展示图画等物的  
■something, such as a piece of card, that you put something on to show it    裱褙
I'm looking for a piece of card I can use as a mount for this picture.   我在找一张可以用来装裱这幅画的卡纸。



★☆☆   mountain
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
VERY LARGE HILL  巨大的山丘  
 ESSENTIAL  
■a raised part of the Earth's surface, much larger than a hill, the top of which might be covered in snow 
  （高）山，山岳
The Matterhorn is one of the biggest mountains in Europe.   马特洪峰是欧洲最雄伟的山峰之一。
The Rockies are a mountain chain/range in the western USA.   洛矶山脉绵亘于美国西部。
I'd love to go mountain -climbing.   我想去爬山。
We're going to the mountains (= an area where there are mountains) for our holiday.   我们会去山区渡假。UK noun countable 
LARGE AMOUNT  大量     UK 
■a large amount of food which is kept in storage instead of being sold, so that prices for it do not fall 
  （食品的）大量存库
a grain mountain   大量积压的谷物
a mountain of sth 
■a large amount of something    大堆，大量
I've got a mountain of work to do.   我有大量的工作要做。UK noun countable 
make a mountain out of a molehill 
■to make a slight difficulty seem like a serious problem    小题大做
You're making a mountain out of a molehill. You wrote one bad essay - it doesn't mean you're going to fail your exam.   你在小题大做——你一篇作文写得不好，但这根本不代表你的考试就会不合格。



★☆☆   mountain bike 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a bicycle with thick tyres and a lot of gears , originally made for riding on hills and rough ground, but now often used on roads    越野自行车，山地（自行）车



★☆☆   mountaineer
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who climbs mountains as a sport or job    爬山能手；登山运动员



★☆☆   mountaineering
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the sport or activity of climbing mountains    爬山，登山；登山运动



★☆☆   mountain lion 
—————————————————
noun countable    US for 
■puma 



★☆☆   mountainous
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■having a lot of mountains    多山的；有山的
a mountainous region   多山的地区
■very big    巨大如山的
mountainous waves   排山倒海的巨浪



★☆☆   Mountains
—————————————————
UK plural noun 
■used as part of a name for a group of mountains 
  （用于山脉名称中）山脉；山系
the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia   维吉尼亚州的蓝岭山脉



★☆☆   mountainside
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular 
■the side or slope of a mountain    山腰；山坡
Can you see those goats high up on the mountainside?   你看见山腰高处的那些山羊吗？



★☆☆   mountaintop
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the top of a mountain    山顶
⇨ See also peak;summit



★☆☆   mounted
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■describes soldiers or police officers who ride horses while on duty 
  （士兵或警官）骑马执行任务的
mounted police officers   骑警



★☆☆   Mountie
—————————————————
UK noun countable informal 
■a member of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police 
  （加拿大）皇家骑警队员



★☆☆   mounting
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■gradually increasing    增加的；加剧的
mounting anxiety/ excitement   不断增长的焦虑／越发高涨的兴奋心情
mounting debts   日益累积的债务



★☆☆   mourn
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive or transitive 
■to feel or express great sadness, especially because of someone's death 
  （尤指因某人的亡故而）哀悼，悲伤
Queen Victoria mourned Prince Albert/Prince Albert's death for 40 years.   维多利亚女王为亚伯特亲王的去世服丧40年。
She was still mourning for her brother.   她还在悼念她的哥哥。
They mourned the passing of traditional folk dancing (= felt sad because it had stopped existing).   他们为传统民间舞蹈的消亡而感到痛心。



★☆☆   mourner
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person at a funeral    哀悼者；送葬者
The dead man's wife and children were the chief mourners.   死者的妻子和孩子是主要的送葬人。



★☆☆   mournful
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■very sad    忧伤的；悲痛的；凄楚的
a mournful expression   忧伤的表情
mournful music   哀婉的乐曲



★☆☆   mourning
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■great sadness felt because someone has died    哀痛；哀悼
Shops will be closed today as a sign of mourning for the king.   为了表达对国王的哀悼之情，商店今天关门停业一天。
He was in mourning for his wife.   他正在为妻子服丧。
■the usually black clothes that are worn in some countries as an expression of sadness about someone's death    丧服
■a loud crying that people in some countries make when someone dies    恸哭（某些国家的人为哀悼死者而作的大声痛哭）
The mourning could be heard all day and all night.   恸哭声终日可闻。



★☆☆   mouse
—————————————————
noun (plural mice)
ANIMAL  动物  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■a small mammal with short fur, a pointed face, and a long tail    鼠
a field mouse   田鼠
a pet mouse   宠物鼠noun (plural mice)
COMPUTER  电脑  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■a small device which you move across a surface in order to move a cursor on your computer screen 
  （电脑的）滑鼠noun (plural mice)
PERSON  人  
countable usually singular 
■a shy, quiet, nervous person    腼腆害羞的人



★☆☆   mouse mat 
—————————————————
noun countable UK (US mouse pad) 
■the special flat piece of material on which you move the mouse for your computer    滑鼠垫



★☆☆   mouse potato 
—————————————————
noun countable    humorous 
■a person who spends a lot of time on their computer and does not have an active style of life    滑鼠马铃薯（指每天花很多时间在电脑上、生活不够积极的人）



★☆☆   mouser
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a cat that catches mice    捕鼠的猫
She's a good mouser.   这是一只很会捉老鼠的猫。



★☆☆   mousetrap
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small device that is used in houses and other buildings for catching and killing mice    捕鼠器，捕鼠夹



★☆☆   moussaka
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a dish, originally from Greece, consisting of meat, tomato and aubergine (= a large purple vegetable) with cheese on top    茄合子，碎肉茄子蛋（一种源自希腊的菜肴）



★☆☆   mousse
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
FOOD  食物  
■a light cold food made from eggs mixed with cream    慕斯，慕思，奶油冻
chocolate mousse   巧克力慕斯
salmon mousse   鲑鱼慕斯noun countable or uncountable 
HAIR/SKIN  头发／皮肤  
■a light creamy substance which is put on the hair or skin to improve its appearance or condition    发胶，慕丝
styling mousse   定型慕丝



★☆☆   moustache
—————————————————
(US usually mustache) UK noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■hair which a man grows above his upper lip    髭，八字须
Groucho Marx had a thick black moustache.   格鲁乔‧马克斯留着浓密的黑色八字须。



★☆☆   mousy
—————————————————
adjective (mousier, mousiest)    (also mousey) 
HAIR  头发  
■describes hair which is brown and not special or attractive 
  （头发）灰褐色的adjective (mousier, mousiest)    (also mousey) 
PERSON  人  
■shy and nervous and having few interesting qualities    害羞的；无趣的；个性不强的
A mousy-looking woman accompanied him.   一个相貌平平的女人和他在一起。



★☆☆   mouth 
—————————————————
noun]maʊɵ/
BODY PART  身体一部分  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■the opening in the face of a person or animal, consisting of the lips and the space between them, or the space behind containing the teeth and the tongue    嘴，口；口腔
Open your mouth wide and say "Ah".   张大嘴，说“啊”。
You shouldn't put so much food in your mouth at once.   你不该一次把这么多食物塞入口中。noun]maʊɵ/
OPENING  孔洞  
countable usually singular 
■the opening of a narrow container, the opening of a hole or cave, or the place where a river flows into the sea 
  （容器的）口；洞口；（江河的）入海口
Quebec is at the mouth of the St Lawrence River.   魁北克市位于圣劳伦斯河口。noun]maʊɵ/
be all mouth (UK also be all mouth and no trousers) informal 
■to talk a lot about doing something but never do it    只说不做
He says he's going to complain to the manager, but I reckon he's all mouth.   他说他要向经理鸣不平，但我认为他不过是说说而已。noun]maʊɵ/
be down in the mouth informal 
■to be sad    神色沮丧，垂头丧气noun]maʊɵ/
keep your mouth shut informal 
■to not talk about something    保持缄默，守口如瓶
I don't know whether to tell him what I know or keep my mouth shut.   我不知道应该告诉他我所知道的，还是保持缄默。noun]maʊɵ/
make sb's mouth water 
■If the smell or sight of food makes your mouth water, it makes you want to eat it    使（某人）馋得直流口水，使（某人）垂涎欲滴
The smell of that bacon cooking is making my mouth water.   煮熏肉的香味令我垂涎欲滴。noun]maʊɵ/
mouth to feed 
■someone, especially a new-born baby, who you must provide food for    需要养活的人（尤指新生儿）
They've got three kids and the husband's just lost his job - the last thing they need is another mouth to feed.   他们有三个孩子，丈夫又刚失业——绝不想再多养个孩子了。noun]maʊɵ/
Out of the mouths of babes and sucklings. literary saying 
■said when a child says something that surprises you because it shows an adult's understanding    出自天真的稚子之口；童言有道verb transitive /maʊD/
■to form words with the lips without making any sound    对口型假唱，一声不响地动唇说话
It looks to me as if the singers are only mouthing the words.   在我看来，这些歌手好像只是在对口型假唱。
[+ speech] "Can we go?" mouthed Mary.   “我们可以走了吗？”玛丽用口型默示道。
I don't want to stand here listening to you mouthing (= saying in a way that is not sincere) excuses.   我不想站在这里听你信口胡说找借口。
⇨ See also badmouthverb transitive /maʊD/
  Phrasal Verbs   mouth off (about sth) informal disapproving 
■to express your opinions too loudly and publicly 
  （在公开场合毫无顾忌地）发表意见，谈论
I had to listen to Michael mouthing off about the government all through lunch.   吃午餐的整个过程中我不得不听着麦克对政府大发议论。verb transitive /maʊD/
  Phrasal Verbs   mouth off (to/at sb) informal disapproving 
■to speak in a rude or offensive way to someone 
  （跟某人）回嘴，顶嘴
She's a typical teenager, coming home late at night and mouthing off to her parents.   她是个典型的青少年，深夜才回家，又和父母顶嘴。




★☆☆   mouthbreather
—————————————————
UK noun countable mainly US informal 
■a stupid person    愚蠢的人



★☆☆   mouthful
—————————————————
noun 
AMOUNT  数量  
countable 
■an amount of food or drink which fills your mouth, or which you put into your mouth at one time    满口；一口
He only ate a few mouthfuls of meat.   他只吃了几口肉。noun 
WORD  词语  
only singular informal 
■a word or phrase that is difficult to pronounce or that has a lot of syllables    冗长而拗口的词（或短语），难读的词（或短语）
I've always called myself 'Henny' because it's less of a mouthful than 'Henrietta'.   我总是叫自己“亨尼”，因为它不像“亨丽埃塔”那么拗口。noun 
give someone a mouthful mainly UK informal 
■to shout something angry at someone, usually swearing at them    生气地向（某人）叫嚷；咒骂（某人）
A taxi driver wound down his window and gave the cyclist a mouthful.   计程车司机摇下车窗，对骑脚踏车的人破口大骂。



★☆☆   mouth organ 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a harmonica 



★☆☆   mouthpiece
—————————————————
noun countable 
PIECE Of EQUIPMENT  配备  
■the part of a telephone, musical instrument or other device that goes near or between the lips 
  （电话的）送话口，话筒；（乐器的）吹口
To play the recorder, blow gently into the mouthpiece.   演奏直笛时，要含住吹口缓缓吹气。noun countable 
PERSON OR NEWSPAPER  人／报纸     disapproving 
■a person or a newspaper that only expresses the opinions of one particular organization    传声筒；代言人；喉舌
This newspaper is just a Republican mouthpiece.   这家报纸只不过是共和党的喉舌。



★☆☆   mouth-to-mouth (resuscitation)
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■artificial respiration 



★☆☆   mouthwash
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■a liquid used for keeping the mouth clean and smelling fresh    漱口剂，漱口液



★☆☆   mouth-watering
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes food that looks as if it will taste good 
  （食物）令人垂涎的，诱人的
Look at those mouth-watering cakes.   看那些诱人的蛋糕。



★☆☆   movable
—————————————————
(also moveable) ['mu:.v&#x259;.b&#x6C;]
adjective 
■able to be moved    可移动的，活动的
a chair with movable armrests   带有活动扶手的椅子



★☆☆   movable feast 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a religious holiday that is not on the same day every year    节期因年而异的宗教节日
Easter is a movable feast.   复活节的节期因年而异。
■informal 
■something which can happen at any time that suits people    无常事
Lunch is officially from 12.30 to 1, although it tends to be a movable feast.   按规定午餐时间从12:30到1:00，但实际上却往往不是固定不变的。



★☆☆   move
—————————————————
verb 
CHANGE POSITION  改变位置  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to (cause to) change position 
  （使）改变位置，动；（使）移动
I'm so cold I can't move my fingers.   我太冷了，手指都动不了了。
Will you help me move this table to the back room?   你能帮我把这张桌子搬到后面的房间里吗？
Can we move (= change the time of) the meeting from 2pm to 3.30pm?   我们能将会议时间由下午两点改到三点半吗？
Don't move! Stay right where you are.   别动！就呆在那里。
I thought I could hear someone moving about/around upstairs.   我好像听到楼上有人走动。
If you move along/over/up (= go further to the side, back or front) a bit, Tess can sit next to me.   如果你往旁边／往后／往前挪一点，特丝就能坐在我旁边了。
Police officers at the scene of the accident were asking passers-by to move along/on (= to go to a different place).   意外现场的警官要求路人走开。
Come on, it's time we were moving (= going to a different place).   快点，我们该走了。
Let's stay here tonight, then move on (= continue our journey) tomorrow morning.   我们今晚留在这里吧，明早再继续赶路。
intransitive or transitive 
■to change the position of one of the pieces used in a board game 
  （棋类游戏中）走棋，走子，（棋子）被移动
In chess, the pieces can only move in certain directions.   下棋必须按棋规所定的方向走子。verb 
CHANGE PLACE  改变地方  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive 
■to go to a different place to live or work    搬家；搬迁；迁移
We're moving to Paris.   我们要搬到巴黎去了。
They've bought a new house, but it will need a lot of work before they can move into it/move in.   他们买了个新房子，但搬进去之前还有许多工作要做。
I hear Paula has moved in with her boyfriend (= gone to live in his house).   我听说宝拉搬到她男朋友家去了。
The couple next door moved away (= went to live somewhere else) last year.   隔壁的那对夫妻去年搬走了。
A lot of businesses are moving out of London because it's too expensive.   许多企业因为负担不起高昂的费用而迁出了伦敦。
move house UK 
 ESSENTIAL  
■to leave your home in order to live in a new one    搬家
We're moving house next week.   我们下周搬家。verb 
PROGRESS  前进  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to (cause to) progress, change or happen in a particular way or direction 
  （使）进展；（使）发展
The judge's decision will allow the case to move ahead.   法官的决定将使诉讼得以继续进行。
If you want to move ahead in your career, you'll have to work harder.   如果你想在事业上有所发展，就必须更努力地工作。
Share prices moved up/down slowly yesterday.   昨天股价缓慢上涨／下跌。
Sophie has been moved up/down a grade at school.   索菲在学校里跳／被降了一级。
It's time this company moved into (= started to take advantage of the benefits of) the computer age.   这家公司该实行电脑化了。verb 
CAUSE  引致  
transitive 
■to cause someone to take action    促使，驱使
[+ obj + to infinitive] formal I can't imagine what could have moved him to say such a thing.   我想像不出到底是甚么促使他说了这样的话。verb 
CHANGE OPINION  改变看法  
intransitive or transitive 
■to (cause to) change an opinion or the way in which you live or work 
  （使）改变观点（或做法）
He's made up his mind, and nothing you can say will move him on the issue.   他主意已决，你说甚么也不能改变他对这件事的看法。
More and more people are moving away from/towards vegetarianism.   越来越多的人不再奉行素食主义／正成为素食主义者。verb 
FEELINGS  情感  
transitive 
■to cause someone to have strong feelings, such as sadness, sympathy, happiness or admiration    感动；引起，激起（情感）
She said that she was deeply moved by all the letters of sympathy she had received.   她说她为收到的所有慰问信所深深打动。
It was such a sad film that it moved him to tears (= made him cry).   这部电影十分伤感，令他落泪。verb 
SELL  卖  
intransitive or transitive informal 
■to sell    卖掉，使脱手
No one wants to buy these toys - we just can't move them.   没有人想买这些玩具——根本就卖不出去。
This new shampoo is moving really fast.   这种新洗发水十分畅销。verb 
BE WITH PEOPLE  交往  
intransitive + adverb or preposition 
■to spend time with people    进行社交活动；交往
She moves in/among a very small circle of people.   她的社交圈子很小。verb 
SUGGEST  建议  
intransitive or transitive specialized 
■to suggest something, especially formally at a meeting or in a court of law 
  （在会议上）提出；提议；（向法庭）提出请求，申请
A vote was just about to be taken when someone stood up and said that they wished to move an amendment.   正要开始表决时，有人站起来说，他们想提出修正案。
[+ that] I should like to move that the proposal be accepted.   我提议接受这项建议。
Your Honour, we wish to move for dismissal of the charges.   尊敬的法官大人，我们请求驳回这些指控。verb 
PASS  通便  
intransitive or transitive polite word 
■(used especially by doctors and nurses) to pass the contents of the bowels out of the body 
  （尤为医护人员用语）（使）（肠道）排泄粪便
The doctor asked him if he'd moved his bowels that day.   医生问他那天是否排过便。verb 
move heaven and Earth 
■to do everything you can to achieve something    竭尽全力
He'll move heaven and Earth to get it done on time.   他将竭尽全力按时把它完成。verb 
Move it! informal 
■used to tell someone to hurry    快点！赶紧！
Come on, Phil, move it!   走吧，菲尔，快点！verb 
move on to higher / better things humorous 
■to get a better job or improve your life in some way    获得提拔晋升；找到更好的工作；过更好的生活
I hear you've moved on to higher things.   我听说你升职了。verb 
not move a muscle 
■to stay completely still    一动不动
She sat without moving a muscle as the nurse put the needle in.   当护士将针头扎入时，她坐着一动也没动。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] move sb/sth in 
■If the police, army or any group of people in authority move in, or if someone moves them in, they take control or attack, in order to deal with a difficult or dangerous situation    接手；（对…）进行操纵，干预
When a company goes out of business, officials usually move in to take control.   如果公司倒闭，政府官员通常会接手控制局面。
The decision has been made to move UN troops in to try and stop the fighting.   已决定派遣联合国部队进驻该地区以平息战事。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   move in on sth/sb 
■If you move in on a person or place, you come close or closer to them in order to attack or take control of them 
  （为进攻或取得控制权而）移近，向…逼近
Government troops are moving in on the rebel stronghold.   政府军正向叛军的据点逼近。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   move off sth /on (to sth) 
■to change from one subject to another when talking or writing    转换话题
Let's move off this subject now, shall we?   我们不再谈这个话题了，好吗？
"Can we move on to the next item for discussion, please?"   我们讨论下一个专案计划，好吗？verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   move on 
NEW PLACE  
■to leave the place where you are staying and go somewhere else    搬家；迁移
I've been in Paris long enough - it's time to move on.   我在巴黎已呆了很长时间——该搬家了。
NEW ACTIVITY  
■to start a new activity    开始新的活动
I'd done the same job for years and felt it was time to move on.   我多年来一直在做同一份工作，觉得应该换换工作了。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   move out  ADVANCED  
■to stop living in a particular home    搬走
Her landlord has given her a week to move out.   房东给她一星期时间搬走。noun 
CHANGE OF POSITION  改变位置  
 ESSENTIAL  only singular 
■an act of moving    动；动作；移动
She held the gun to his head and said, "One move and you're dead!"   她把枪口紧贴在他的头上，说：“敢动一下你就没命。”
I hate the way my boss watches my every move (= watches everything I do).   我讨厌老板总是监视我的一举一动。
countable 
■in some board games , a change of the position of one of the pieces used to play the game, or a change of position that is allowed by the rules, or a player's turn to move their piece    一步棋；（按规则）棋子的可走方法
It takes a long time to learn all the moves in chess.   要学会棋子的各种走法需要花很长时间。
It's your move.   该你走了。noun 
CHANGE OF PLACE  改变地方  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■when you go to live or work in a different place    搬家；迁移
We've had four moves in three years.   我们三年间搬了四次家。noun 
ACTION  行动  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■an action taken to achieve something    行动；步骤；措施
Buying those shares was a good move.   买那些股票是明智之举。
This move (= stage in a plan of action) towards improving childcare facilities has been widely welcomed.   这项改善照顾儿童设施的措施受到广泛欢迎。
[+ to infinitive] The council is making a move (= taking action) to ban traffic in some parts of the city.   市议会正采取措施，禁止车辆在该市的某些区域行驶。
make the first move 
■to be the first to take action    率先行动
Neither side seems prepared to make the first move towards reaching a peace agreement.   双方似乎都不愿为达成和平协议而率先迈出一步。
■informal 
■to start a romantic or sexual relationship with someone 
  （对某人）主动展开追求
She's fancied him for ages, but doesn't want to make the first move.   她喜欢他很久了，但不想主动追求他。noun 
be on the move informal


move 1	* to be physically active 
活跃；忙碌
I've been on the move all day and I'm really tired.   我忙了一整天，实在很累。
■to be travelling    在路上，在旅途中
We're going to be on the move all next week, but we'll call you when we get to Edinburgh.   我们下周整个星期都在外旅行，但我们到达爱丁堡时会打电话给你。noun 
get a move on informal 
■to hurry    快点，赶紧
Come on, you two, get a move on!   走吧，你们两个，快点！
We need to get a move on if we're going to catch that train.   如果要赶上那班火车，我们就必须快点。noun 
make a move UK (US be on the move) informal 
■to leave a place    离开，离去
It's late - I think it's time we made a move.   很晚了——我想我们该走了。



★☆☆   moved
—————————————————
adjective 
■having strong feelings of sadness or sympathy, because of something someone has said or done    感动的
When she told me about her daughter's death, I was too moved even to speak.   当她告诉我她女儿的死讯时，我难过得说不出话来。



★☆☆   movement
—————————————————
noun 
POSITION CHANGE  位置的改变  
 ESSENTIAL  countable or uncountable 
■a change of position    动；移动；运动
He made a sudden movement and frightened the bird away.   他突然动了一下，鸟就受惊飞走了。
For a long time after the accident, he had no movement in (= was unable to move) his legs.   出事以后的很长时间里，他的腿都不能动。
Her movements were rather clumsy.   她的动作很笨拙。
sb's movements 
■what someone is doing during a particular period 
  （某人的）行动，活动
I don't know his movements this week.   我不知道他本周的活动安排。noun 
GROUP OF PEOPLE  团体  
countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a group of people with a particular set of aims 
  （有特定目标的）运动
the women's movement   妇女运动
The suffragette movement campaigned for votes for women.   妇女参政运动旨在为妇女争取选举权利。
[+ to infinitive] a movement to stop animals being killed for their fur   制止猎杀动物以获取皮毛的运动noun 
CHANGE OPINION  改变看法  
countable or uncountable 
■when you change an opinion or the way in which you live or work 
  （意见、生活或工作模式的）改变
There has been a movement (= change in the way people think and feel) towards more women going back to work while their children are still small.   现在有一种倾向，越来越多的妇女在孩子年纪尚小时就重返工作。
Recently there has been some movement away from traditional methods of teaching.   近来教学方法出现了一些打破传统窠臼的趋势。noun 
PROGRESS  进展  
uncountable 
■when something progresses, changes or happens in a particular way or direction 
  （按照一定方式或趋势的）发展，改变
There has been little movement in the dollar (= It has not changed in value very much) today.   今天美元汇率变化很小。noun 
MUSIC  音乐  
countable 
■one of the main parts of a piece of classical music that is separated from the other parts with pauses    乐章
Beethoven's fifth symphony has four movements.   贝多芬的第五交响曲有四个乐章。noun 
CLOCK/WATCH  钟表  
countable 
■the part of a clock or watch which turns the narrow pointers that show the time 
  （钟表的）机芯noun 
EXCRETE  排泄  
countable polite word 
■(used especially by doctors and nurses) an act of emptying the bowels 
  （尤为医护人员用语）排泄粪便
When did you last have a (bowel) movement?   你上次排便是甚么时候？



★☆☆   mover
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
MOVE POSSESSIONS  搬走财物     US (UK remover) (Australian removalist) 
■someone who helps people move their possessions to a different place to live or work    搬运工人UK noun countable 
DANCER  舞蹈家     old-fashioned 
■used in descriptions of how someone dances    跳舞的人
He's a great mover.   他是位伟大的舞蹈家。UK noun countable 
SELL  销售     informal 
■a product which sells very well    畅销商品
These skirts have been one of our best movers this spring.   这些裙子是今年春季我们最畅销的商品之一。UK noun countable 
SUGGEST  提议     specialized 
■a person who formally makes a suggestion during a formal meeting or discussion    提议者



★☆☆   movie
—————————————————
noun 
 ESSENTIAL  countable mainly US for 
■a cinema film    电影，影片
My favourite movie is 'Casablanca'.   我最喜爱的电影是《北非谍影》。
the movies 
 ESSENTIAL  [plural] mainly US 
■a cinema or group of cinemas    电影院
What's on/showing at the movies this week?   这个星期电影院有甚么电影上映？
Shall we go to the movies tonight?   今晚去看电影好吗？



★☆☆   moviegoer
—————————————————
UK noun countable US (UK filmgoer/cinemagoer) 
■a person who regularly goes to watch films at the cinema    常看电影的人



★☆☆   movie star 
—————————————————
noun countable mainly US (mainly UK film star) 
■a very popular and successful movie actor    电影明星
Greta Garbo was one of the great movie stars of the 1930s.   葛丽泰‧嘉宝是20世纪30年代的著名影星之一。
She dated several of the big movie stars of the time.   她曾经和好几位当年的电影巨星约会。
Who's your favourite movie star?   你最喜欢哪位电影明星？



★☆☆   movie theater 
—————————————————
noun countable    US for 
■cinema 
There's a season of Bergman films on at our local movie theater.   我们当地的影院正在举行柏格曼电影展。



★☆☆   moving
—————————————————
adjective 
CHANGING POSITION  位置正在改变  
 IMPROVER  [before noun] 
■A moving object is one that moves    行进中的；活动的
a moving target   活动的靶子
moving parts in a machine   机器的运转零件adjective 
FEELINGS  情感  
■causing strong feelings of sadness or sympathy    动人的，感人的
a very moving story   一个非常动人的故事
I find some of Brahms's music deeply moving.   我觉得勃拉姆斯的一些乐曲非常动人。adjective 
CAUSING ACTION  引致行动  
[before noun] 
■causing someone to take action    促使某人采取行动的
Local parents were the moving force/spirit behind the safety improvements at the playground (= They were the people who made them happen).   当地的家长是使操场安全标准得以提高的原动力。noun uncountable 
■going to a different place to live or work    搬家，转换工作地点
I hate moving.   我讨厌搬家。



★☆☆   movingly
—————————————————
adverb 
■in a way that causes strong feelings of sadness or sympathy    动人地，感人地
He spoke movingly about his wife's death.   他说起他妻子的死，令人为之动容。



★☆☆   moving van 
—————————————————
noun countable    US for 
■removal van 



★☆☆   mow
—————————————————
UK  US  US (mowed, mown or mowed)
verb intransitive or transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] mow sb down 
■to kill people, usually in large numbers, by shooting them or driving a vehicle into them    杀死，撂倒，撞死（某人）
Three shoppers were mown down this afternoon when a drunken driver lost control of his car.   今天下午一名醉酒司机驾车失控，撞死三名购物者。




★☆☆   mower
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a machine for cutting especially grass    割草机；收割机
⇨ See also lawnmower



★☆☆   Mozambican
—————————————————
UK noun countable adjective 
■Mozambican    莫三比克人／莫三比克的



★☆☆   Mozambique
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Mozambique    莫三比克



★☆☆   mozzarella
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a soft white Italian cheese    莫泽雷勒起司，莫萨里拉起司（一种白色味淡的义大利起司）



★☆☆   MP
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  abbreviation for 
■Member of Parliament 
Robert Smith MP   下议院议员罗伯特‧史密斯
Who is the MP for Cambridge?   剑桥的下议院议员是谁？



★☆☆   MP3
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable trademark 
■a computer file which stores high-quality sound in a small amount of space, or the technology that makes this possible    MP3档案（一种以小空间储存高音质声音的电脑档）；MP3技术
I downloaded their latest album on MP3.   我下载了他们最新唱片的MP3格式档案。



★☆☆   MP3 player 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an electronic device or a computer program for playing music which has been stored as MP3 files    MP3播放机



★☆☆   mpg
—————————————————
■abbreviation for 
■miles per gallon; the number of miles a vehicle travels using one gallon of fuel    每加仑燃料所行英里数，英里／加仑
My car does about 40 mpg.   我的车每加仑燃料能行驶约40英里。
How many mpg do you get from your car?   你的车每加仑燃料能行驶多少英里？



★☆☆   mph
—————————————————
■abbreviation for 
■miles per hour    英里／小时，每小时所行英里数
My car won't do/go more than 70 mph.   我的车最高时速是每小时70英里。
She was caught driving at 120 mph.   她被发现以每小时120英里超速驾驶。



★☆☆   MPhil
—————————————————
noun countable    UK abbreviation for 
■Master of Philosophy 
Alison Wells, MPhil   哲学硕士艾利森‧威尔斯
He has/is doing an MPhil in psychology.   他拥有／在攻读心理学硕士学位。



★☆☆   MPV
—————————————————
noun countable    abbreviation for 
■multi-purpose vehicle: a people carrier    多功能车，多用途车



★☆☆   Mr
—————————————————
UK noun 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a title used before the family name or full name of a man who has no other title, or when talking to man who holds a particular official position 
  （用在男子的姓、姓名或职务之前）先生
Mr Jones/Mr David Jones   钟斯先生／大卫‧钟斯先生
[as form of address] Good afternoon, Mr Dawson.   午安，道森先生。
We're looking for a Mr (= a man called) George Smith.   我们在找一位名叫乔治•史密斯的先生。
It's an honour to have you here today, Mr President.   很荣幸您今天能来，总统先生。    Compare Miss ; Mrs ; Ms. 
⇨ See also Messrs
■used when expressing the idea that a man is typical of or represents a quality, activity or place 
  （用以表示某男子是某一品质、活动或地方的典型代表）
She's still hoping to meet Mr Right (= the perfect man).   她仍在期待遇到如意郎君。
He thinks he's Mr Big (= that he is very important).   他自以为是个大人物。UK noun 
no more Mr Nice Guy informal 
■something that is said when someone has decided to stop thinking about the wishes and feelings of other people    不再是好好先生
I've had enough of people taking advantage of me. From now on it's no more Mr Nice Guy.   我老是被人利用，真是受够了。从现在起我不再做好好先生了。



★☆☆   MRI
—————————————————
noun uncountable    abbreviation for 
■magnetic resonance imaging: a system for producing electronic pictures of the organs inside a person's body, using radio waves and a strong magnetic field    磁共振成像



★☆☆   Mrs
—————————————————
noun 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a title used before the family name or full name of a married woman who has no other title 
  （用在已婚妇女的姓或姓名之前）夫人，太太
Mrs Wood/Mrs Jean Wood   伍德太太／琼•伍德太太
[as form of address] Hello, Mrs Grant, how are you today?   你好，葛兰夫人，你今天怎么样？    Compare madam ; Miss ; Mr ; Ms 
■used when expressing the idea that a married woman is typical of or represents a quality, activity or place 
  （用以表示某已婚女士是某一品质、活动或地方的典型代表）
Mrs Average (= a woman who is typical of an ordinary woman)   平凡女子



★☆☆   MRSA
—————————————————
noun uncountable specialized 
■methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus: a type of bacterium (= an extremely small organism) that cannot be treated by most antibiotics    抗甲氧苯青霉素金黄色葡萄球菌（一种大多数抗生素无法杀灭的细菌）



★☆☆   MS
—————————————————
noun uncountable    abbreviation for 
■multiple sclerosis 



★☆☆   Ms
—————————————————
noun 
 ADVANCED  
■a title used before the family name or the full name of a woman, whether she is married or not 
  （用于婚姻状况不明或不愿提及婚姻状况的女子的姓或姓名之前）女士
Ms Hill/Ms Paula Hill   希尔女士／宝拉•希尔女士
[as form of address] What can I do for you, Ms Wood?   有甚么需要我帮忙吗，伍德女士？    Compare Miss ; Mr ; Mrs



★☆☆   ms 
—————————————————
noun countable (plural mss)   written abbreviation for 
■manuscript 



★☆☆   MSc
—————————————————
 UK (US MS) 
noun countable UK abbreviation for 
■Master of Science 
Lynn Kramer MSc   理科硕士林恩•克拉玛
Phil has/is doing/is studying for an MSc in biochemistry.   菲尔拥有／在攻读生物化学硕士学位。



★☆☆   MS-DOS
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable trademark 
■a set of programs for controlling the storage and organization of information on the magnetic discs of personal computers and for controlling who can use that information    微软磁碟作业系统



★☆☆   msec 
—————————————————
■written abbreviation for    * millisecond 



★☆☆   MSG
—————————————————
noun uncountable    abbreviation for 
■monosodium glutamate 



★☆☆   Msgr 
—————————————————
noun [before noun]    written abbreviation for 
■Monsignor 



★☆☆   MSP
—————————————————
noun countable    abbreviation for 
■Member of the Scottish Parliament    苏格兰议会议员



★☆☆   Mt 
—————————————————
noun    written abbreviation for 
■Mount or mountain 
Mt Everest   珠穆朗玛峰



★☆☆   MTV
—————————————————
noun uncountable [+ sing/pl verb]    trademark abbreviation for 
■Music Television: an organization that broadcasts popular music internationally    音乐电视



★☆☆   much
—————————————————
determiner (more, most)
 ESSENTIAL  
■a large amount or to a large degree    多（的），大量（的）
I don't earn much money.   我赚钱不多。
You haven't said much, Joan - what do you think?   你说得不多，琼——你怎么想？
I like her very much.   我非常喜欢她。
I don't think there's much to be gained by catching an earlier train.   我认为赶更早的火车没甚么好处。
The children never eat (very) much, but they seem quite healthy.   孩子都吃得不多，但他们看来很健康。
"Is there any wine left?" " Not much."   “还有酒吗？”“不多了。”
There's not/nothing much to do around here.   这里没太多事可以做。
How much (= What amount of) sugar do you take in your coffee?   你的咖啡里要放多少糖？
How much do these shoes cost?   这双鞋子多少钱？
I spend too much on clothes.   我在衣服上花费太多了。
I don't have as much time as (= I have less time than) I would like for visiting my friends.   我没有足够的时间拜访朋友。
Because of the rain, we weren't able to spend much of the day on the beach.   因为下雨，那天我们未能在海滩上呆很久。
Have you seen/heard much of Polly (= often seen or heard about her) recently?   你最近常见到波莉／听到波莉的消息吗？
I'd very much like to visit them sometime.   我真想找个时间去拜访他们。
One day I hope I'll be able to do as much (= the same amount) for you as you've done for me.   希望有一天我能报答你。
Things around here are much as always/usual/ever (= have not changed a lot).   这里的情况没甚么变化。
The two schools are much the same (= very similar).   这两所学校非常相似。
Much to our surprise, (= We were very surprised that) they accepted our offer.   令我们大为惊讶的是，他们接受了我们的出价。
I'm not much good at knitting (= do not do it very well).   我不太擅长编织。
This is a much (= often) discussed issue.   这是个人们经常讨论的问题。
Brian's become a much (= greatly) changed person since his car accident.   遭遇车祸后，布赖恩好像变成了另一个人。
I've been feeling much healthi er (= a lot more healthy) since I became a vegetarian.   自从开始吃素后，我感觉健康多了。
The repairs to our car cost much more than we were expecting.   修车费比我们预料的贵得多。
I'm very much aware of the problem.   我很清楚这个问题。
She's much the best person for the job (= She is certainly better than everyone else).   她无疑是这个职位的最佳人选。
I would much rather have my baby at home than in hospital.   我宁愿在家中生孩子，也不要去医院。
She is as much a friend to me as a mother (= although she is my mother, she is also a friend).   她既是我的母亲，又是我的朋友。
■informal 
■used at the end of a negative sentence to suggest the opposite of what you have just said 
  （用在否定句末表示相反的意思）
I can see you don't like chocolate - much!   我看得出你不喜欢吃巧克力——才怪！
much too much 
■a far larger amount of something than you want or need    太多
You've drunk much too much to drive.   你喝得实在太多了，不能驾车。
too much 
 ESSENTIAL  
■more than someone can deal with    多得不能应付
I can't look after six children at my age - it's too much.   我这个年纪照顾不了六个孩子——太多了。
a bit much 
■unreasonable and unfair    太过分，太不像话
I think it's a bit much for you to expect me to do all the cleaning.   你竟然想我做好所有的打扫工作——你是不是太过分了。
And you had to work till eight? That's a bit much!   你要一直工作到八点？太不像话了！determiner (more, most)
as much 
■If you say that you thought/expected/said as much, it means that something bad that you thought/expected/said would happen has happened    早想到／料到／说过
I knew he'd fail - I said as much at the time.   我知道他会失败——我早就说过了。
■the same    同样
Go on, lend me the money - you know I'd do as much for you.   快点，借钱给我吧——你知道我也会同样借钱给你的。determiner (more, most)
as much again UK 
■the same amount again    多一倍
My fare was nearly £10, and it was almost as much again for the children.   我的船费将近10英镑，孩子的加起来差不多是我的两倍。determiner (more, most)
as much as 
■almost    几乎，差不多
He as much as admitted that it was his fault.   他实际上已经承认那是他的错。determiner (more, most)
as much as you can do UK 
■If you say something is as much as you can do, you manage to do it, but with great difficulty    竭尽全力才能做到
I felt so ill this morning, it was as much as I could do to get out of bed.   我今天早上病得很厉害，几乎下不了床。determiner (more, most)
much as 
■although    虽然，即使
Much as I would like to help you, I'm afraid I'm simply too busy at the moment.   虽然我很想帮你，但恐怕现在我太忙了。determiner (more, most)
much less 
■and certainly not    更不用说，更何况
Tony can barely boil an egg, much less cook dinner.   托尼连鸡蛋都煮不好，更别提煮晚餐了。determiner (more, most)
not go much on sth UK informal 
■to dislike something    不喜欢
I don't go much on white wine.   我不爱喝白葡萄酒。determiner (more, most)
not so much sth as sth 
■If you say that something is not so much one thing as something else, you mean it is more the second thing    与其说是…还不如说是…
They're not so much lovers as friends.   他们与其说是恋人，不如说是朋友。
I don't feel angry so much as sad.   与其说我愤怒，例不如说我悲哀。determiner (more, most)
so much 
■a particular amount    那么多
By the time you've paid so much for the ferry and so much for the train fare, it would be cheaper to go by plane.   到头来你为船费和火车费付了那么多钱，还不如坐飞机便宜呢。determiner (more, most)
so much for sth 
■used to express disappointment and anger at the fact that a situation is not as you thought it was    …到此为止，…只好作罢（表示失望或恼火）
The car's broken down again. So much for our trip to the seaside.   汽车又出毛病了，我们去海边的旅程只好作罢。determiner (more, most)
  Common Learner Errors   much or many?   Much and many are used in formal positive sentences.   Use much to refer to uncountable nouns.   Don't say 'much cars/facts/dollars', say much traffic/information/money.    With nouns that have a plural form, don't use 'much', use many :
✗ There are much interesting places to visit in Venice.   There are many interesting places to visit in Venice.   In less formal sentences and in negative sentences, you can use a lot of with both countable and uncountable nouns:   I don't have a lot of money.   We visited a lot of interesting places.determiner (more, most)
  Common Learner Errors   very much   Warning: do not use very much between the verb and the object in a sentence.   Don't say 'do very much something, say do something very much or very much do something :
✗ I enjoyed very much my stay in England.   I enjoyed my stay in England very much.   I very much enjoyed my stay in England.pronoun adverb 
■(something) of good quality    优秀的事物；了不起，十分出色
He's not much to look at , but he has a wonderful personality.   他长相不怎么好看，但性格很好。
I've never been much of a dancer (= good at dancing, or interested in doing it).   我对舞蹈从不在行。
There's not/nothing much on TV tonight.   今晚电视上没甚么好看的。



★☆☆   muchness
—————————————————
noun UK informal 
be much of a muchness 
■to be very similar and usually of low quality    很相像，差不多
The songs you hear on the radio these days all sound much of a muchness.   如今，电台播放的歌曲都大同小异。



★☆☆   muck
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■dirt or solid animal waste    脏东西；（动物的）粪便
You're treading muck into the carpet with your dirty shoes!   你的脏鞋子把地毯弄得脏兮兮的！
a pile of dog muck   一堆狗屎
■something you consider very unpleasant or very low quality    品质低劣的东西
I'm not eating that muck!   我才不吃那让人反胃的东西！
The immigrants were treated like muck (= treated badly, as if they were not important).   移民都被视为泥土草芥。noun uncountable 
make a muck of sth informal 
■to spoil something or do something very badly    打乱；把…弄糟
I've made a muck of it - I'll have to do it again.   我把事情弄得一团糟——只好重做了。noun uncountable 
Where there 's muck there's brass. UK saying 
■said to mean that a lot of money can be made from business activities which are dirty or unpleasant    要致富别怕脏。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   muck sb/sth about/around mainly UK informal 
■to behave in a silly way, or to treat someone or something in a careless way    胡闹；耍弄；瞎弄
Stop mucking about with those ornaments, you'll break something!   别乱碰那些摆设了，你早晚会打碎的！
I'm fed up with them mucking me about and cancelling our arrangements.   他们耍弄我，取消了我们的安排——我受够了。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   muck in UK informal 
■to share the work that needs to be done    一起出力，一起合作；参加
She doesn't mind mucking in with the rest of us when there's work to be done.   有工作要做的时候，她总是不介意和我们大家一起做。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] muck (sth) out 
■to clean a place where a large animal lives, especially a stable , by removing the waste products and old straw    打扫（畜舍）
She'd spent all morning mucking out the horses.   她整个上午都在打扫马厩。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] muck sth up informal 
■to spoil something completely, or do something very badly    打乱；把…弄糟
I really prepared for the interview because I didn't want to muck it up.   我确实为面试做了准备，因为我不想出甚么岔子。
I mucked up the whole exam!   我考试考得一塌糊涂！




★☆☆   muckraking
—————————————————
(also muck-raking) ['m&#x28C;k&#x2CC;re&#x26A;.k&#x26A;&#x14B;]
noun uncountable disapproving 
■the activity, especially of newspapers and reporters , of trying to find out unpleasant information about people or organizations in order to make it public 
  （尤指报纸和记者）搜集并揭露丑闻
There was so much muckraking about his family life that he decided not to stand for election.   众多媒体大肆搜集消息来报道他的家庭生活，致使他决定不参加竞选。



★☆☆   muck-up
—————————————————
noun countable informal 
■a mistake that completely spoils something    把事情搞垮的过错
They made a muck-up of our order - it won't be ready till next week now.   他们搞乱了我们的订单——现在要等到下周货物才能准备好。



★☆☆   mucky
—————————————————
adjective    informal 
■dirty    脏的，肮脏的
Get your mucky feet off that chair!   把你的脏脚从椅子上拿开！
Don't walk all over my clean floor in your mucky boots.   别穿着你的脏靴子在我的干净地板上到处走。
UK informal    * pornographic 
a mucky magazine   淫秽杂志，黄色书刊



★☆☆   mucous membrane
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■the thin skin that covers the inside surface of parts of the body such as the nose and mouth and produces mucus to protect them    黏膜



★☆☆   mucus
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a thick liquid produced inside the nose and other parts of the body 
  （黏膜分泌的）黏液
This drug reduces mucus production in the gut.   这种药可以减少肠道的黏液分泌。



★☆☆   mud
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■earth that has become wet and sticky    泥，泥土；烂泥，泥浆；淤泥
The vehicles got bogged down in the heavy mud.   车辆深陷淤泥，动弹不得。
Modern houses have replaced the one-room mud huts with grass roofs that had been home to generations of peasants.   新式住房取代了农民世代居住的单间草顶土屋。
These mud flats (= level ground near the sea) are a site of special scientific interest.   这片淤泥滩有特殊的科研价值。noun uncountable 
Here 's mud in your eye ! informal 
■sometimes said by people in a friendly way just before drinking an alcoholic drink together    干杯！祝您健康！noun uncountable 
hurl/throw/sling mud at sb 
■to say insulting or unfair things about someone, especially to try to damage their reputation    污蔑，中伤，诽谤（某人）
⇨ See also mud-slingingnoun uncountable 
Mud sticks. UK saying 
■said to mean that people are likely to believe something bad that is said about someone, even if it is not true    泥巴黏身不易掉；诽谤总是有人信



★☆☆   muddle
—————————————————
noun [S or U] 
■an untidy or confused state    混乱状态；糟糕局面
The documents were in a muddle.   档杂乱地堆在一起。
Whenever I go abroad I get in a muddle about/over (= become confused about) the money.   我每次出国，总是把钱弄得乱糟糟的搞不清。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   muddle along 
■to continue doing something with no clear purpose or plan    混日子，得过且过
Decide what you want in life - don't just muddle along.   订立明确的人生目标——不要混日子过活。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   muddle through 
■to manage to do something although you are not organized and do not know how to do it    胡乱应付过去
I'm afraid I can't help you - you'll just have to muddle through on your own.   恐怕我帮不到你——你必须自己设法应付。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] muddle sth up 
■to arrange things in the wrong order    把…弄乱
I've arranged the books alphabetically so don't muddle them up.   我已经把书按字母顺序排好了，不要弄乱。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] muddle sb/sth up 
■to think that a person or thing is someone or something else because they are very similar    混淆
I often muddle up Richard with his brother.   我常常分不清理查和他哥哥。
It's easy to muddle up some Spanish and Italian words.   一些西班牙语词汇和义大利语词汇很容易互相混淆。




★☆☆   muddled
—————————————————
adjective 
THINGS  物件  
■Things that are muddled are badly organized    混乱的；杂乱无章的
He left his clothes in a muddled pile in the corner.   他将衣服乱堆在角落里。adjective 
PERSON  人  
■A person who is muddled is confused    头脑不清楚的；糊涂的；困惑的
He became increasingly muddled as he grew older.   他年纪越大越糊涂。



★☆☆   muddle-headed
—————————————————
adjective 
■not thinking clearly or in an organized way    头脑糊涂的



★☆☆   muddy
—————————————————
adjective 
DIRTY  肮脏的  
■covered by or containing mud (= wet, sticky earth)    泥泞的；浑浊的；黏满烂泥的
Don't bring those muddy boots inside!   别把那双黏满烂泥的鞋子拿进来！
muddy water   浑浊的水adjective 
COLOURS  颜色  
■describes colours that are dark and not bright 
  （颜色）灰暗的，暗淡的
The sitting-room has been painted in muddy browns and greens.   客厅漆成灰暗的棕色和绿色。verb transitive 
■to put mud (= wet sticky earth) into something or cover something with mud    使黏上烂泥；使浑浊
Industrial activity has muddied the river.   工业生产活动使这条河变得浑浊了。verb transitive 
muddy the waters 
■to make a situation more confused and less easy to understand or deal with    把水搅浑，使变得更复杂



★☆☆   mudflap
—————————————————
noun countable UK (US splash guard) 
■one of the pieces of rubber which are fixed to a vehicle behind the wheels to prevent dirt and small objects from being thrown up 
  （车辆轮胎的）挡泥板



★☆☆   mudflat
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a flat area of very wet soil near the sea which is covered at high tide (= the time when the sea reaches its highest level and comes furthest up the beach)    淤泥滩，潮泥滩



★☆☆   mudguard
—————————————————
UK noun countable (US usually fender) 
■a curved piece of metal or plastic above the wheels of a bicycle or motorcycle that prevents dirt from getting on the rider 
  （脚踏车或摩托车的）挡泥板



★☆☆   mudpack
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a special substance that you put on your face and leave for a short time to improve your skin 
  （美容用的）泥面膜；泥浆面膜



★☆☆   mud pie 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small round shape made of mud by children playing 
  （儿童玩的）泥饼



★☆☆   mud-slinging
—————————————————
(also mudslinging) ['m&#x28C;d&#x2CC;sl&#x26A;&#x14B;.&#x26A;&#x14B;]
noun uncountable 
■when you say insulting or unfair things about someone, especially to try to damage their reputation    诽谤，中伤
political mud-slinging   政治诽谤



★☆☆   muesli
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a mixture of raw grains, dried fruit and nuts that is eaten with milk as part of the first meal of the day    穆兹利（由谷物、干果、坚果等加牛奶制成的一种早餐食品）    Compare granola



★☆☆   muezzin
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a man who calls Muslims to prayer from the tower of a mosque (= Muslim holy building)    穆安津，宣礼员（负责在清真寺塔顶召集穆斯林做礼拜）



★☆☆   muff
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a short tube of fur or warm cloth, into which women in the past put their hands in cold weather in order to keep them warm 
  （旧时妇女防寒用的）暖手筒，手笼verb transitive informal 
■to spoil an opportunity or do something badly    错过（机会）；把…弄糟
I only had two lines in the whole play and I muffed them.   整个剧里我只有两句台词，却还说得一团糟。



★☆☆   muffin
—————————————————
noun countable 
BREAD  面包     UK (US English muffin) 
■a small round flat type of bread, usually sliced in two and eaten hot with butter 
  （英式）小松饼（通常加奶油趁热吃）noun countable 
CAKE  蛋糕  
■a small sweet cake that often has fruit inside it    松糕（常含水果）
blueberry muffins   蓝莓松糕



★☆☆   muffle
—————————————————
verb transitive 
MAKE LESS CLEAR  使变得模糊  
■to make a sound quieter and less clear    使（声音）变微弱（或低沉）；消（声）
The house's windows are double-glazed to muffle the noise of aircraft.   这所房子装有双层玻璃窗以减低飞机噪音的骚扰。
■to make something less strong or clear    削弱，使模糊
The report concluded that business pressure on the government had muffled the impact of the legislation.   报告得出结论，企业向政府施加的压力已削弱了法例的影响。verb transitive 
KEEP WARM  保持暖和  
■to wear thick warm clothes in order to keep warm 
  （为保暖而用厚衣物）围裹，裹住；蒙住
I was muffled up against the cold in a scarf and hat.   我裹上围巾、戴上帽子以抵御寒冷。



★☆☆   muffled
—————————————————
adjective 
■describes a sound that is quiet or not clear 
  （声音）变轻微（或低沉）
I could hear muffled voices next door but couldn't make out any words.   我听到隔壁有人压低声音说话，可听不清说甚么。
The muffled roar of traffic could be heard in the distance.   远处隐约传来车辆行驶发出的轰鸣声。



★☆☆   muffler
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
CAR  车     US 
■a silencer UK noun countable 
CLOTHES  衣物     old-fashioned 
■a thick scarf (= long piece of cloth worn around the neck)    厚围巾



★☆☆   mufti
—————————————————
noun uncountable old-fashioned 
■ordinary clothes worn by people who usually wear uniforms, especially soldiers 
  （通常穿制服的人、尤其是军人穿的）便服，便装
The admiral arrived in mufti.   海军上将穿便装抵达。



★☆☆   mug
—————————————————
noun countable 
CUP  杯子  
 ADVANCED  
■a large cup with straight sides used for hot drinks 
  （盛热饮用的）马克杯，大杯子
I made myself a large mug of cocoa (= enough to fill a mug) and went to bed.   我为自己冲了一大杯可哥饮料，然后钻进了被窝。
beer mug    mainly US 
■a heavy glass with a handle and usually with patterns cut into its side, out of which you drink beer    啤酒杯（有柄且通常刻有花纹的大玻璃杯）noun countable 
STUPID PERSON  愚蠢的人     mainly UK informal 
■a person who is stupid and easily deceived    傻瓜；易受骗者
He's such a mug, he believes everything she tells him.   他真傻，无论她说甚么他都相信。noun countable 
FACE  脸     informal mainly disapproving 
■someone's face    脸
his ugly mug   他丑陋的脸孔noun countable 
a mug's game UK informal 
■an activity that will not make you happy or successful    徒劳无益的活动
Teaching's a mug's game.   当老师是件吃力不讨好的事。verb transitive (-gg-)
■to attack a person in a public place and steal their money 
  （在公共场合）拦路抢劫
He was mugged in broad daylight.   他在光天化日之下遭到抢劫。verb transitive (-gg-)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] mug (sth) up UK informal 
■to study a subject quickly before taking an examination 
  （考试前）突击学习
I've got to mug up (on) my History before tomorrow's exam.   明天考试前我必须突击复习一下历史。




★☆☆   mugger
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who attacks people in order to steal their money    拦路抢劫者，行凶抢劫犯



★☆☆   mugging
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■an act of attacking someone and stealing their money    拦路抢劫，行凶抢劫
Police are concerned that mugging is on the increase.   拦路抢劫案件呈现上升的趋势，警方对此深表关注。



★☆☆   muggins
—————————————————
noun only singular UK humorous 
■a stupid person: often used to describe yourself when you have done something silly or when you feel you are being treated unfairly    傻瓜，易受骗者（常指自己）
I suppose muggins here will have to look after the cat when they go on holiday (= I will have to do it but I don't want to).   我想只有像我这样的傻瓜才会在他们去渡假时替他们照顾小猫。



★☆☆   muggy
—————————————————
adjective 
■When the weather is muggy, it is unpleasantly warm and the air contains a lot of water. 
  （天气）闷热而潮湿的



★☆☆   mug shot 
—————————————————
noun countable slang 
■a photograph taken by the police of a person who has been charged with a crime 
  （员警为嫌疑犯拍的）脸部照片
A poster with mug shots of wanted men was on the wall.   墙上贴着一张印有通缉犯脸部照片的海报。



★☆☆   mujahideen
—————————————————
(also mujahedin, mujaheddin) [&#x2CC;m&#x28C;.d&#x292;&#x259;.h&#x259;'di:n]
plural noun 
■Muslim soldiers fighting in support of their political and religious beliefs    穆斯林游击队员，穆斯林圣战者



★☆☆   mulatto
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an offensive word for someone with one black parent and one white parent 
  （冒犯性用语）黑白混血儿



★☆☆   mulberry
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a small soft purple fruit, or the tree that has these fruit    桑椹；桑树



★☆☆   mulch
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a covering of decaying leaves that is spread over the soil in order to keep water in it or to improve it 
  （为保持水分、肥沃土壤等用的）覆盖料（或物），覆盖层verb intransitive or transitive 
■to put mulch on or around something    加覆盖层
[+ adv/prep] Mulch around the base of the roses.   在玫瑰根部周围加覆盖层。
Mulch the roses.   在玫瑰的根部加覆盖层。



★☆☆   mule
—————————————————
noun countable 
ANIMAL  动物  
■an animal whose mother is a horse and whose father is a donkey , which is used especially for transporting goods    骡子noun countable 
PERSON  人  
■a person who agrees to carry illegal drugs into another country in return for payment by the person selling the drugs    毒品走私犯，越境运毒者
These very poor women who are used as mules by drug barons often get long prison sentences.   这些被毒枭雇来越境运送毒品的贫困女子经常会被判处长期徒刑。noun countable 
SHOE  鞋  
■a woman's shoe or slipper that has no back    拖鞋；拖鞋式女鞋



★☆☆   mulga
—————————————————
noun Australian 
countable or uncountable 
■a type of tree found in dry regions, or its wood    无脉相思树；无脉相思树的木材
only singular    * the bush (AREA OF LAND) 
They live up in the mulga.   他们住在灌木丛生的地带。



★☆☆   mulish
—————————————————
adjective 
■describes someone who is very determined and refuses to change their plans for anyone else    顽固的，倔强的



★☆☆   mull
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to heat wine or beer with added sugar and spices 
  （加糖和香料等）将（葡萄酒或啤酒）制成热饮
mulled wine   烫热的葡萄酒verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] mull sth over 
■to think carefully about something for a long time    仔细思考，反覆考虑
I need a few days to mull things over before I decide if I'm taking the job.   在决定是否做这份工作前，我需要几天时间仔细考虑。




★☆☆   mullah
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an Islamic religious teacher or leader    毛拉（穆斯林宗教教师或领袖）



★☆☆   mullered
—————————————————
UK adjective UK slang 
■drunk    喝醉的



★☆☆   mullet
—————————————————
noun countable 
FISH  鱼  
■a small sea fish that can be cooked and eaten    鲻鱼；鲱鲤；胭脂鱼
red mullet   红鲣noun countable 
HAIR  头发     informal 
■a men's hairstyle from the 1980's in which the hair on top and at the sides of the head is short and the hair at the back is long    胭脂鱼发型（20世纪80年代开始流行的男子发型，头顶及两侧短，后面长）



★☆☆   mulligatawny
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a very spicy soup that has curry powder in it    咖喱鸡汤；咖喱肉汤



★☆☆   mullioned
—————————————————
adjective 
■(of windows) having vertical sections, usually made of stone, between the glass parts 
  （窗）装直棂的



★☆☆   multi-
—————————————————
UK prefix 
■having many    多个，许多
a multi-coloured skirt (= a skirt with many colours)   五彩缤纷的裙子
a multi-vitamin tablet (= a pill which contains several vitamins)   综合维他命片



★☆☆   multicellular
—————————————————
UK adjective specialized 
■A multicellular organism is made of many cells.    多细胞的
Some green algae are multicellular.   一些绿藻是多细胞生物。    Compare unicellular



★☆☆   multicultural
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■including people who have many different customs and beliefs    多元文化的；融合多种文化的
Britain is increasingly a multicultural society.   英国社会中的文化正日趋多元化。



★☆☆   multiculturalism
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the existence of several cultures within a society    多种文化共存



★☆☆   multi-dimensional
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■having many different features    多方面的，有众多特点的
Crime is a multi-dimensional problem.   犯罪是一个复杂多元的问题。



★☆☆   multi-disciplinary
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■involving different subjects of study in one activity    结合多门学科的；（涉及）多门学科的
a multi-disciplinary course   涉及多门学科的课程



★☆☆   multi-ethnic
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■consisting of, or relating to various different races    由不同种族组成的；涉及不同种族的
Britain is a multi-ethnic society , with many black and Asian people.   英国是个多种族的社会，有许多黑人和亚裔人。



★☆☆   multi-faceted
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■having many different parts    多方面的
It's a multi-faceted business, offering a range of services.   这是一个业务多元化的企业，提供各种服务。



★☆☆   multifarious
—————————————————
UK adjective formal 
■of many different types    多种类的，各式各样的
The newspaper report detailed the fraudster's multifarious business activities.   报纸上的这篇报道详述了骗子形形色色的商业诈骗活动。



★☆☆   multigym
—————————————————
UK noun countable UK 
■a machine on which you can do several different exercises to keep your body fit, or a room in which several different exercise machines can be used    多功能健身器；（配备多种健身器材的）健身房



★☆☆   multilateral
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■involving more than two groups or countries    多国（或多方）参加的，多国（或多方）间的；多边的
Seven countries are taking part in the multilateral talks.   将有七个国家参加这次多边会谈。    Compare bilateral ; unilateral



★☆☆   multilingual
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■(of people or groups) able to use more than two languages for communication, or (of a thing) written or spoken in more than two different languages    使用多种语言的；用多种语言表达的
a multilingual on-line dictionary   多语线上辞典    Compare bilingual ; monolingual



★☆☆   multimedia
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■using a combination of moving and still pictures, sound, music and words, especially in computers or entertainment 
  （尤指在电脑上或娱乐事业）应用多媒体的
multimedia software   多媒体软体



★☆☆   multimillionaire
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who has money and property worth several million pounds or dollars    拥有数百万家财的富翁，大富豪



★☆☆   multinational
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■involving several different countries, or (of a business) producing and selling goods in several different countries    多国的；（企业）在多国经营的，跨国的
The UN has sent a multinational peace-keeping force.   联合国已派出一支多国维和部队
a major multinational food company   大型的跨国食品公司UK noun countable 
■a large and powerful company that produces and sells goods in many different countries    跨国公司
Are multinationals now more powerful than governments?   现在跨国公司比政府更有影响力吗？



★☆☆   multiple
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■very many of the same type, or of different types    多个的；多种的
The youth died of multiple burns.   那个年轻人因多处烧伤死亡。
We made multiple copies of the report.   我们把报告影印了多份。
These children have multiple (= many different) handicaps.   这些孩子身患多种残疾。UK noun countable 
NUMBER  数字  
■a number that can be divided by a smaller number an exact number of times    倍数
18 is a multiple of 3, because 18 = 3 x 6.   18是3的倍数，因为3乘以6等于18。UK noun countable 
LARGE COMPANY  大公司  
■a large company which has shops in many towns    连锁店



★☆☆   multiple birth 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■when more than two babies are born to the same woman on one occasion    多胎生



★☆☆   multiple-choice
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■describes an examination or question in which you are given a list of answers and you have to choose the correct one    多项选择的；由多项选择题组成的
a multiple-choice test   多项选择题考试



★☆☆   multiple sclerosis 
—————————————————
noun uncountable (abbreviation MS) 
■a disease in which the covering of the nerves gradually becomes destroyed, damaging a person's speech and sight and ability to move    多发性硬化



★☆☆   multiplex
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a very large cinema that has a lot of separate cinemas inside it    多厅影院



★☆☆   multiplication table 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a list that shows the results of multiplying one number by a set of other numbers, usually from one to twelve, used especially by children at school    乘法表



★☆☆   multiplicity
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable formal 
■a large number or wide range (of something)    多种多样，多样性
There is a multiplicity of fashion magazines to choose from.   有多种时尚杂志可供选择。



★☆☆   multiply
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive or transitive 
■to increase very much in number, or (in mathematics) to add a number to itself a particular number of times    大幅增加；乘，使相乘
In warm weather these germs multiply rapidly.   在温暖的天气里这些细菌会迅速繁殖。
If you multiply seven by 15 you get 105.   用15乘以7，结果是105。    Compare add ; divide ; subtract



★☆☆   multipurpose
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes a tool, etc. that can be used in several different ways    多用途的；多功能的
a multipurpose hall   多功能大厅



★☆☆   multiracial
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■involving people of several different races    多种族的
a multiracial school   多种族学校
South Africa's first multiracial elections took place in 1994.   南非第一次多种族选举于1994年举行。



★☆☆   multi-storey
—————————————————
UK adjective (US multistory) 
■describes a building with several floors    多层的
a multi-storey car park   立体停车场；多层停车场
US a multistory apartment block   多层公寓大楼UK noun countable UK 
■a multi-storey car park    立体停车场；多层停车场
I left the car in the multi-storey.   我把车停在立体停车场了。



★☆☆   multitasking
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
PERSON  人  
■a person's ability to do more than one thing at a time    同时做多件事
Women are often very good at multitasking.   女人往往很善于同时兼顾多件事情。UK noun uncountable 
COMPUTER  电脑  
■the ability of a computer to operate several programs at one time 
  （电脑的）多工处理
The machine allows multitasking without the need to buy extra hardware.   这台机器不需要添购额外的硬体即可进行多工处理。



★☆☆   multitude
—————————————————
UK noun formal 
a multitude of 
■a large number of people or things    许多，众多
The city has a multitude of problems, from homelessness to drugs and murder.   这个城市存在着很多问题，从无家可归到吸毒和谋杀，不胜枚举。
This case has raised a multitude of questions.   这个案例引出了许多问题。
the multitude 
■a large crowd of people    人群
He stepped out onto the balcony to address the multitude below.   他走上讲台，向台下的人群发表演讲。
the multitudes 
■large numbers of people    众多的人
the multitudes using the Internet   众多使用网际网路的人们
■the ordinary people who form the largest group in a society    大众，民众UK noun formal 
cover / hide a multitude of sins humorous 
■to prevent people from seeing or discovering something bad    隐瞒实情；遮掩缺点
Large sweaters are warm and practical and hide a multitude of sins.   宽大的毛衣既暖和又实用，而且还能遮掩一大堆缺点。



★☆☆   mum
—————————————————
noun countable UK (US mom) 
 ESSENTIAL  informal 
■mother    妈妈
[as form of address] "Happy birthday, Mum."   “生日快乐，妈妈。”
All the mums and dads are invited to the school play at the end of the year.   年底时，所有的父母都获邀请到学校看演出。noun countable UK (US mom) 
Mum's the word. saying old-fashioned 
■said when you tell someone, or agree with someone, to keep something a secret 
  （用于告诉或答应某人保守秘密）别张扬出去，一定保密
"I'm not telling people generally yet." "OK, mum's the word!"   “我还没有公开和大伙讲。”“好，一定守口如瓶！”adjective informal 
keep mum 
■to say nothing about a subject    保持沉默
It's not official yet so keep mum.   这还不是正式的，所以不要讲出去。



★☆☆   mumble
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to speak quietly and in a way that is not clear so that the words are difficult to understand    含糊地说，咕哝
She mumbled something about being too busy.   她嘟囔着说太忙了。
[+ speech] "I'm sorry, " he mumbled.   “对不起，”他咕哝道。



★☆☆   mumbo jumbo
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable informal 
■words or activities that are unnecessarily complicated or mysterious and seem to have no meaning    晦涩难懂的话；无意义（或迷惑人）的话（或活动）；繁文缛节
You don't believe in horoscopes and all that mumbo jumbo, do you?   你不相信占星术和那套鬼话，是吧？



★☆☆   mummify
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to preserve a dead body as a mummy    把（尸体）制成木乃伊



★☆☆   mummy
—————————————————
noun countable 
MOTHER  妈妈  
 IMPROVER  UK (US mommy) child's word for 
■mother 
[as form of address] I want to go home, Mummy.   我想回家，妈咪。
Could I speak to your mummy please, Phoebe?   我能和你妈妈通话吗，菲比？noun countable 
BODY  尸体  
■(especially in ancient Egypt) a dead body that is prevented from decaying by being treated with special substances before being wrapped in cloth 
  （尤指古埃及的）木乃伊，干尸



★☆☆   mummy's boy
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular disapproving UK (US mama's boy) 
■a boy or man who appears to do whatever his mother tells him to    凡事都听妈妈的话的男孩（或男人）



★☆☆   mumps
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■an infectious disease that causes painful swelling in the neck and slight fever    流行性腮腺炎



★☆☆   mumsy
—————————————————
adjective UK informal disapproving 
■describes a woman with an old-fashioned appearance, like that of a traditional mother 
  （女性外表）不时髦的，落伍的
As she became more successful, she changed her mumsy hairstyle for something more glamorous.   随着事业上的不断成功，她一改落伍的发型，变得更有魅力了。



★☆☆   munch
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to eat something, especially noisily    大声咀嚼
He was munching on an apple.   他大口啃着苹果。
We watched her munch her way through two packets of peanuts.   我们看着她津津有味地嚼完了两包花生。noun uncountable UK informal 
■food    食物，吃的东西
Shall we get some munch, then?   那么我们吃点东西好吗？



★☆☆   munchies
—————————————————
plural noun    mainly US informal 
■small light things to eat    零食
We need a few munchies - some peanuts and crackers.   我们需要些零食——花生和薄脆饼干。
the munchies informal 
■feelings of hunger    饥饿感
I 've got the munchies.   我感觉有些饿了。



★☆☆   mundane
—————————————————
adjective 
■very ordinary and therefore not interesting    世俗的；单调的；平凡的
Mundane matters such as paying bills and shopping for food do not interest her.   她对付帐单、购买食物等单调的琐事不感兴趣。



★☆☆   mung bean
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small bean which is often used in Chinese cooking and is eaten when it has grown long shoots    绿豆



★☆☆   municipal
—————————————————
adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■of or belonging to a town or city    市政的；市办的
municipal authorities   市政当局
municipal tennis courts   市立网球场
municipal elections   市政选举



★☆☆   municipality
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a city or town with its own local government, or the local government itself    市，自治市；市政府，市政当局
The municipality provides services such as electricity, water and rubbish collection.   市政当局提供供电、供水及垃圾收集等服务。



★☆☆   munificent
—————————————————
adjective formal 
■very generous with money    慷慨的，大方的
A former student has donated a munificent sum of money to the college.   一位校友向这所大学捐赠了一大笔钱。



★☆☆   munitions
—————————————————
plural noun 
■military weapons such as guns and bombs    军火；军需品
The army used precision-guided munitions to blow up enemy targets.   这支军队使用精确制导炸弹摧毁了敌军目标。
a munitions depot   弹药库
a munitions factory   军工厂



★☆☆   muppet
—————————————————
noun countable UK    informal 
■a stupid person    蠢人，愚笨的人



★☆☆   mural
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a large picture that has been painted on the wall of a room or building    壁画



★☆☆   murder
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the crime of intentionally killing a person    谋杀，凶杀
Two sisters have been charged with (= officially accused of) murder.   两姐妹被控谋杀。
There were three murders in the town last year.   去年镇上发生了三件谋杀案。
The three were convicted of (= proved guilty of) murder.   三人被判犯有谋杀罪。
a murder weapon (= a weapon used to commit a murder)   凶器    Compare manslaughter ; suicideUK noun countable or uncountable 
be murder informal 
■to be very difficult to do    很困难
It's murder finding a parking space in town.   在城里很难找到停车位。UK verb transitive 
 IMPROVER  
■to commit the crime of intentionally killing a person    谋杀，杀害
Her husband was murdered by gunmen as she watched.   她亲眼目睹丈夫被持枪歹徒杀害。
In the last year, terrorists have murdered several local journalists.   去年，恐怖分子杀害了几名当地记者。
■UK informal 
■If you say you will or could murder someone, it means you are very angry with them 
  （表示非常生气）决不会原谅
If he's late again, I'll murder him!   如果他再迟到，我决不会原谅他！UK verb transitive 
could murder sth UK informal 
■If you say you could murder a type of food or drink, it means you would like to have it now    现在就想吃（或喝）
I could murder a cup of tea!   我现在就想喝杯茶！



★☆☆   murderer
—————————————————
UK noun countable (old-fashioned female murderess) 
■someone who illegally and intentionally kills another person    杀人犯，凶手
A convicted murderer was executed in North Carolina yesterday.   昨天一名已定罪的杀人犯在北卡罗来纳州被处决。
a mass murderer (= someone who has killed a large number of people illegally)   杀人狂



★☆☆   murderous
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■extremely dangerous and likely to commit murder    杀人的；凶恶的，凶残的
He was a murderous gangster.   他是个杀人不眨眼的歹徒。
She gave me a look of murderous hatred.   她恶狠狠地看了我一眼。
■informal 
■extremely unpleasant    令人非常难受的
The traffic was murderous today.   今天的交通堵得要命。



★☆☆   murk
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■darkness or thick cloud, preventing you from seeing clearly    黑暗，昏暗；浓云
It was foggy and the sun shone feebly through the murk.   雾气弥漫，浓雾中透射出微弱的阳光。



★☆☆   murky
—————————————————
UK adjective 
DARK/DIRTY  黑漆漆的／肮脏的  
■dark and dirty or difficult to see through    黑暗的；不清楚的；肮脏的
The river was brown and murky after the storm.   暴风雨过后，河水变成了褐色，浑浊不清。UK adjective 
UNPLEASANT SITUATION  使人不快的处境  
■describes a situation that is complicated and unpleasant, and about which many facts are not clear 
  （形势）复杂难懂的，不明朗的
He became involved in the murky world of international drug-dealing.   他卷入了阴暗复杂的跨国贩毒生意中。
I don't want to get into the murky waters of family arguments.   我不想淌家庭纠纷这道浑水。



★☆☆   murmur
—————————————————
UK verb 
SPEAK QUIETLY  轻声说  
intransitive or transitive 
■to speak or say very quietly    低声说
[+ speech] "I love you," she murmured.   “我爱你，”她低声说。
He was murmuring to him self.   他正喃喃自语。
humorous He murmured sweet nothings (= romantic talk) in her ear.   他在她耳边低声说着情话。UK verb 
COMPLAIN  抱怨  
intransitive 
■to complain about something that you disagree with or dislike, but not in a public way    私下抱怨，咕哝
They were murmuring about the boss's nephew getting the job.   他们私下嘀咕着老板的侄子得到了那份工作的事。UK noun 
SOUND  声音  
countable 
■the sound of something being said very quietly    低语声，轻柔的谈话声
A murmur of agreement came from the crowd.   人群中传来了低声的赞许。
only singular 
■a soft continuous sound    低沉连续的声音，细语
The murmur of the waves on the beach lulled me to sleep.   海浪轻轻拍打着海岸的声音催我入眠。UK noun 
COMPLAINT  抱怨  
countable 
■a complaint which is expressed privately    私下的抱怨，咕哝
After the report was published, there were murmurs of discontent round the office.   报告公布后，办公室里到处是嘀咕和抱怨。UK noun 
without a murmur 
■without even a small complaint    一声不吭地，毫无抱怨地
For once the children went to bed without a murmur.   孩子头一次一声不吭就上床睡觉了。



★☆☆   Murphy's law
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable (UK offensive also Sod's law) humorous 
■the principle that if it is possible for something to go wrong, it will go wrong    莫非定律（一种认为凡有可能出差错的事终将出差错的俏皮论断）
The bus is always late but today when I was late it came on time - that's Murphy's law I suppose!   那一路公车总是延误，可是今天我迟到了，它却准时来了——我想那一定是莫非定律在起作用。



★☆☆   muscle
—————————————————
noun 
BODY PART  身体部分  
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable 
■one of many tissues in the body that can tighten and relax to produce movement    肌肉
neck/back/leg/stomach muscles   颈／背／腿／胃部肌肉
facial muscles   脸部肌肉
bulging/rippling (= large and clear to see) muscles   鼓起的肌肉
He flexed his muscles (= tightened, especially his arm muscles, to make them look large and strong) so that everyone could admire them.   他将肌肉紧绷起来，这样大家就能欣赏到他的肌肉块。
These exercises build muscle and increase stamina.   这些运动能强健肌肉、增强体力。
a muscle spasm (= a sudden uncontrollable tightening movement)   肌肉痉挛
pull a muscle 
 IMPROVER  
■to injure a muscle by stretching it too far so that it is very painful    拉伤肌肉
Russell pulled a back muscle early in the game.   比赛开始没多久拉塞尔就拉伤了背部肌肉。noun 
POWER  力量  
uncountable 
■the power to do difficult things or to make people behave in a certain way    力量，实力
This magazine has considerable financial muscle and can afford to pay top journalists.   这家杂志财力雄厚，雇得起顶尖的记者。
The company lacks the marketing muscle to compete with drug giants.   这家公司缺乏行销实力，无法与制药巨头竞争。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   muscle in informal 
■to force your way into a situation and make certain you are included, although you are not wanted    强行挤入
I hear Mark's muscled in on our meeting.   我听说马克强行参加了我们的会议。




★☆☆   muscle-bound
—————————————————
adjective disapproving 
■describes someone who has a lot of very large firm muscles which makes it difficult for them to move normally    肌肉僵硬粗大的



★☆☆   muscle-flexing
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a public show of military or political power that is intended to worry an opponent    军事（或政治）实力的显示
Opposition groups fear violence, after weeks of military muscle-flexing from the government.   政府进行了几周的军事实力展示以后，反对派担心会发生暴力事件。



★☆☆   muscleman
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a man who has very large muscles as a result of doing special exercises to improve them    肌肉发达的人，强壮的男子



★☆☆   muscly
—————————————————
adjective informal 
■having a lot of well-developed muscles    肌肉发达的；强健的
She's got big, muscly legs.   她双腿粗壮，肌肉发达。



★☆☆   Muscovite
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person from Moscow    莫斯科人



★☆☆   muscular
—————————————————
UK adjective 
BODY  身体  
■related to muscles    肌肉的
muscular contractions   肌肉收缩
muscular pain   肌肉疼痛
■having well-developed muscles    肌肉发达的；强壮的
muscular arms/legs   肌肉发达的手臂／双腿
He wished he was more muscular.   他希望自己更强壮些。UK adjective 
POWERFUL  力量大的  
■powerful    力量大的，影响力大的
It was a muscular, hard-hitting documentary.   那是一部震撼人心的纪录片。



★☆☆   muscular dystrophy
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a serious disease in which a person's muscles gradually become weaker until walking is no longer possible    肌肉萎缩



★☆☆   musculature
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the position and structure of the muscles    肌肉系统
By looking at the bones of this animal, we can discover quite a lot about its musculature.   透过观察这种动物的骨骼，我们可以了解其肌肉系统的不少特点。



★☆☆   Muse
—————————————————
noun countable literary 
■in ancient Greek and Roman stories, one of the nine goddesses who were believed to give encouragement in different areas of literature, art and music    缪斯（古希腊和罗马神话中司文学、艺术和音乐的九位女神之一）



★☆☆   muse
—————————————————
verb intransitive formal 
■to think about something carefully and for a long time    沉思，默想，冥想
I began to muse about/on the possibility of starting my own business.   我开始思忖自己创业的可能性。noun countable literary 
■an imaginary being or force that gives someone ideas and helps them to write, paint or make music 
  （写作、绘画或音乐创作方面的）灵感（泉源）
The muse has left me - I haven't written any poetry for months!   灵感离我而去——我已有数月没写过一首诗了！
Juliet was not only the painter's best model but also his muse (= the person who causes him to have the most ideas for his work).   茱丽叶不仅是这位画家最好的模特儿，也是他灵感的泉源。



★☆☆   museum
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a building where objects of historical, scientific or artistic interest are kept    博物馆，博物院
a museum of modern art   现代艺术博物馆
the Natural History Museum   自然历史博物馆



★☆☆   museum piece 
—————————————————
noun countable humorous 
■something that is very old-fashioned and should no longer be used    过时的东西，老古董
That old car is a museum piece - you should get a new one.   那辆旧车是老古董了——你该买辆新的。



★☆☆   mush
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
SUBSTANCE  物质     informal 
■any unpleasant thick soft substance, such as food that has been cooked for too long    烂糊食物；糊状的东西
If you overcook the cabbage it'll turn to mush.   甘蓝菜煮得太久会烂糊的。noun uncountable 
BRAIN  头脑  
■If you say your brain has turned to mush it means you cannot think clearly.    头脑不清晰noun uncountable 
BOOK/FILM  书籍／电影     informal 
■If you describe something such as a book or film as mush, you mean that it is unpleasantly emotional 
  （书籍、电影等）伤感作品，煽情作品
The film was just romantic mush.   这部电影不过是部浪漫的煽情戏。



★☆☆   mushroom
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a fungus with a round top and short stem. Some types of mushroom can be eaten    蘑菇；伞菌，蕈
wild /cultivated mushrooms   野生／人工栽培的蘑菇
button (= very small) mushrooms   草菇
dried/grilled/stuffed/sliced mushrooms   干／烤／填充调料／切片的蘑菇
cream of mushroom soup   鲜奶油蘑菇汤
For this recipe choose mushrooms with large caps (= top parts).   做这道菜要选菌盖大的蘑菇。
Unfortunately some poisonous mushrooms look like edible mushrooms.   遗憾的是，某些有毒蘑菇外表与可食用蘑菇相似。    Compare toadstoolverb intransitive 
■to increase very quickly    迅速增长；迅速发展
The number of computers in schools has mushroomed in recent years.   近年来，学校里电脑的数量迅速增长。



★☆☆   mushroom cloud 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a very large cloud of dust that rises into the air in the shape of a large mushroom, especially after a nuclear explosion 
  （尤指核爆炸后形成的）蘑菇云
The mushroom cloud over Hiroshima is a horrific image of war.   广岛上空的蘑菇云是战争恐怖景象的写照。



★☆☆   mushy
—————————————————
adjective 
SOFT  软的  
■soft and having no firm shape    烂糊的；软的
Cook the lentils until they are mushy.   把扁豆煮到烂糊为止。
disapproving The meat was mushy and tasteless.   这肉稀烂无味。adjective 
EMOTIONAL  多愁善感的     informal disapproving 
■too emotional    多愁善感的，感伤多情的
I hate those mushy love stories.   我不喜欢那些卿卿我我的爱情故事。



★☆☆   mushy peas 
—————————————————
plural noun UK 
■soft, cooked marrowfat peas (= a type of large pea)    豌豆酱



★☆☆   music
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a pattern of sounds made by musical instruments, singing or computers, or a combination of these, intended to give pleasure to people listening to it    音乐
classical/pop/dance/rock music   古典音乐／流行音乐／舞曲／摇滚音乐
a beautiful piece of music   一首优美的音曲
What sort of music do you listen to?   你听甚么样的音乐？
They play good music (= recordings of music) on this (radio) station.   这家电台播放的音乐很好听。
I just like making music (= playing music or singing).   我只是喜欢唱歌奏乐。
Shall I put on some music (= play a recording) ?   我放点音乐好吗？
 ESSENTIAL  
■the art or study of music    音乐；音乐研究
I studied music at college.   我念大学时学的是音乐。
the music business/industry   音乐行业／产业
music lessons   音乐课
■the written system of symbols representing musical notes    乐谱，曲谱
Can you read music?   你会读乐谱吗？noun uncountable 
be music to sb's ears 
■to be something that you are very pleased to hear 
  （对某人）是悦耳的声音，是佳音，是中听的话
The rattle of the letterbox was music to my ears - the letter had arrived at last.   信箱发出的嘎嘎声对我来说很悦耳——信终于到了。



★☆☆   musical
—————————————————
adjective 
 IMPROVER  
■related to or connected with music    音乐的；用于音乐的
musical instruments   乐器
Mozart's musical compositions include symphonies and operas.   莫劄特的音乐创作包括交响乐和歌剧。
 IMPROVER  
■If you are musical, you have a skill in or great liking for music    有音乐天赋的；爱好音乐的
The family all play instruments - they're all very musical.   这家人都会演奏乐器——他们都很喜欢音乐。noun countable 
■a play or film in which part of the story is sung to music    音乐剧；音乐（影）片



★☆☆   musical box 
—————————————————
noun countable UK (US music box) 
■a decorative box with a device inside it that plays a tune when you open the lid    音乐盒



★☆☆   musical chairs 
—————————————————
plural noun 
■a game in which children walk around a group of chairs while music plays. When the music stops they have to sit quickly on a chair, but because there is always one fewer chairs than children, the child that is left standing must leave the game    抢椅子游戏
figurative It's a game of musical chairs (= a situation in which people change jobs often) as editors move from one newspaper to another.   由于编辑不断从一家报社跳槽到另一家，因此人员变动就像走马灯一样。



★☆☆   musicality
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■skill and good judgment in playing music    音乐才能；音乐欣赏能力
Her natural musicality made this one of the most enjoyable concerts of the year.   她的音乐天赋使这场音乐会成为该年度最受欢迎的音乐会之一。



★☆☆   music box 
—————————————————
noun countable    US for 
■musical box 



★☆☆   music centre 
—————————————————
noun countable    UK old-fashioned for 
■music system    组合音响



★☆☆   music hall 
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable UK (US also vaudeville) 
■a type of theatre entertainment in the 1800s and 1900s which included music, dancing and jokes, or the building used for this entertainment    歌舞杂耍表演



★☆☆   musician
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■someone who is skilled in playing music, usually as their job    音乐家；乐师；作曲家
The concert features dancers, singers and musicians of all nationalities.   这场音乐会云集了各国的舞蹈家、歌唱家和音乐家。



★☆☆   musicianship
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a person's skill in playing a musical instrument or singing    音乐技巧；音乐才能
The sheer musicianship of this young woman is breathtaking.   这位年轻女子娴熟的音乐技艺令人惊叹不已。



★☆☆   music-making
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the playing or writing of music    音乐演奏；音乐创作
His compositions were influenced by the great tradition of music-making in that country.   他的作品受到了那个国家优良的音乐创作传统的影响。



★☆☆   musicology
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the study of the history, theory and science of music    音乐学，音乐理论



★☆☆   music system 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a collection of equipment for playing recorded sound    音响系统



★☆☆   music theatre 
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a type of theatre involving acting and music, performed by a small number of people    音乐剧



★☆☆   musk
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a substance with a strong sweet smell, used in making perfumes    麝香；人造麝香



★☆☆   musket
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a gun with a long barrel , used in the past    火枪，滑膛枪



★☆☆   Muslim
—————————————————
UK noun countable (also Moslem) 
 IMPROVER  
■a person who follows the religion of Islam    穆斯林，伊斯兰教信徒，回教徒UK adjective 
 IMPROVER  
■describes people who follow the religion of Islam    穆斯林，伊斯兰教的，回教的
a Muslim country/state   伊斯兰教（回教）国家
a Muslim family   信奉伊斯兰教（回教）的家庭



★☆☆   muslin
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a very thin cotton material    平纹细布，麦斯林纱
A 19th-century painting of a girl in a muslin dress hung on the wall.   墙上挂着一幅19世纪的油画，画中的女孩身穿平纹细布连身裙。
The soured milk is strained through muslin to leave a soft ball of cheese ready to be shaped.   优酪乳用平纹细布过滤后，剩下一团可以揉捏成形的软起司。



★☆☆   muso
—————————————————
UK noun countable UK informal 
■someone who likes popular music very much and knows a lot about it, often having a lot of musical equipment    流行音乐迷，音乐发烧友



★☆☆   muss
—————————————————
verb transitive mainly US 
■to make untidy    使变得凌乱；把…弄乱
The wind is mussing (up) my hair.   风吹乱了我的头发。noun US 
no muss, no fuss 
■used to say that something can be done without a lot of difficulty    轻而易举，很容易
If we pack tonight, we can leave first thing in the morning - no muss, no fuss.   如果我们今晚收拾行李，明天一早就可以动身，毫不费力。



★☆☆   mussel
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small sea animal that can be eaten and which lives inside a black shell with two parts that close tightly together    贻贝，淡菜，蚌



★☆☆   must
—————————————————
modal verb 
NECESSARY  必要的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■used to show that it is necessary or very important that something happens in the present or future    必须
Meat must be cooked thoroughly.   肉必须彻底煮熟。
I must get some sleep.   我必须睡一会儿了。
You mustn't show this letter to anyone else.   你不可以把这封信拿给其他人看。
Luggage must not be left unattended (= it is against the rules).   行李不能无人看管。
formal Must you leave so soon?   你非得这么早离开不可吗？
formal "Must I sign this?" "No, there's no need."   “我必须在这里签字吗？”“不，没必要。”
 ESSENTIAL  
■If you say that you must do something, you mean that you have a definite intention to do something in the future    一定要，坚持要
I must phone my sister.   我一定要打个电话给我妹妹。
We must get someone to fix that wheel.   我们一定要找人修修那个轮子。
I mustn't bite my nails.   我决不可以咬指甲。
 ADVANCED  
■used for emphasis 
  （表示强调）必须
I must say , you're looking extremely well.   我不得不说，你看起来真是神采飞扬。
I must admit , I wasn't looking forward to it.   我必须承认，我当时完全没有料到会发生此事。
 ADVANCED  
■If you tell someone else that they must do something pleasant, you are emphasizing that you think it is a good idea for them to do that    务必，一定要
You must come and stay with us for the weekend.   你一定要来和我们一起度周末。
We must meet for lunch soon.   我们一定要快快找个日子相约吃午餐。
  Common Learner Errors   must   Must is followed by an infinitive verb without 'to'.   Don't say 'must to do something', say must do something
✗ You must to pay attention to your pronunciation.   You must pay attention to your pronunciation.modal verb 
PROBABLY  可能  
 ESSENTIAL  
■used to show that something is very likely, probable or certain to be true    想必；一定
Harry's been driving all day - he must be tired.   哈里开了一天车，他一定累了。
There's no food left - we must have eaten it all.   没有食物了，想必我们全都吃光了。
When you got lost in the forest you must have been very frightened.   那天你在森林里迷路了，一定很害怕吧。
"You must know Frank." "No, I don't."   “你一定认识弗兰克。”“不，我不认识。”noun countable informal 
■something which is necessary    必不可少的事物
If you live in the country a car is a must.   如果你住在乡下，汽车是必不可少的。



★☆☆   must-
—————————————————
prefix informal 
a must-do/-have/-see, etc. 
■something that is so good, you must do it, have it or see it    必须要做／有／看的
The cashmere scarf is this season's must-have.   羊绒围巾是本季的必备品。
It's a moderately entertaining film but it's certainly not a must-see.   这部电影娱乐性还不错，但肯定不是非看不可的。



★☆☆   mustache
—————————————————
UK noun countable    US for 
■moustache 



★☆☆   mustachio
—————————————————
UK noun countable (plural mustachios)    old-fashioned 
■a large moustache (= line of hair above the upper lip) with curly ends    髭（嘴唇上方的长须）



★☆☆   mustachioed
—————————————————
UK adjective mainly humorous 
■having a large moustache (= line of hair above the upper lip)    留髭的
a mustachioed gentleman   留着小胡子的绅士



★☆☆   mustang
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an American wild horse 
  （美洲）野马



★☆☆   mustard
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a thick yellow or brown sauce that tastes spicy and is eaten cold in small amounts, especially with meat    芥末；芥末酱



★☆☆   mustard gas 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a very poisonous gas, used as a weapon, that burns the skin, damages organs inside the body and can kill    芥子气（一种毒性很强的气体，用作化学武器，可灼伤皮肤及内脏并夺人性命）



★☆☆   muster
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive or transitive 
PRODUCE  产生  
■to produce or encourage especially an emotion or support    鼓起（勇气）；激起（某种感情或支持）
She managed to muster the courage to ask him to the cinema.   她终于鼓起勇气请他去看电影。
The team will need all the strength they can muster to win this game.   球队必须倾尽全力才能赢得这场比赛。
Opponents are unlikely to be able to muster enough votes to override the veto.   反对者不太可能拉到足够的选票来推翻否决。UK verb intransitive or transitive 
TOGETHER  聚集  
■(especially of soldiers) to come together, especially in preparation for fighting, or to cause to do this 
  （使）（尤指部队）集合，集结
The twelfth division mustered on the hill.   第12师在山上集结。
The general mustered his troops.   将军召集起他的部队。UK verb intransitive or transitive 
muster your forces formal 
■to make great arrangements and efforts, usually to prepare for an attack or event    集聚（力量，精力）
The Welsh National Opera has mustered its forces to mount its second production of Tristan in only 14 years.   威尔士国家剧院在《特里斯坦》首次上演的仅仅14年后，倾尽全力把该剧的新制作版本搬上舞台。UK verb intransitive or transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   muster sth up 
■If you muster up a feeling of bravery or energy, you try hard to find that quality in yourself because you need it in order to do something    鼓起（勇气）；激起（力量）
[+ to infinitive] She finally mustered up the courage to ask him for more money.   她最终鼓起勇气向他要更多的钱。UK noun countable 
■a group of people, especially soldiers, who have been brought together 
  （尤指部队的）集合，集结



★☆☆   muster point 
—————————————————
noun countable (also muster station) UK 
■a place where everyone in an area or on a boat is ordered to go when there is an emergency    紧急集合地点



★☆☆   must-have
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
■A must-have object is something that many people want to own    必备的
The iPod quickly established itself as a must-have electronics device.   iPod 迅速确立了其必备电子产品的地位。



★☆☆   mustn't
—————————————————
short form 
 IMPROVER  
■must not 
You mustn't worry too much about this.   你不必对此过分担心。



★☆☆   musty
—————————————————
adjective 
■smelling unpleasantly old and slightly wet    发霉的；有霉味的
musty old books   发霉的旧书
a musty smell   霉味
a musty room   有霉味的房间



★☆☆   mutant
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an organism that is different from others of its type because of a permanent change in its genes    突变体
These mutants lack a vital protein which gives them immunity to the disease.   这些突变体缺乏一种可以抵抗这种疾病的重要蛋白质。
This mutant gene is thought to cause cancer.   人们认为这种突变基因会致癌。
figurative humorous I'm convinced he's a mutant - he's not a bit like the rest of our family!   我觉得他真是个异类——他一点也不像我们家的其他人！
■disapproving 
■an unpleasant and frightening thing    令人讨厌的事物，可怕的事物
The result of these experiments will be a nightmarish world filled with two-headed monsters and other mutants.   这些实验的结果将是一个噩梦般的世界，到处是双头怪和其他可怕的异形。



★☆☆   mutate
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
■to develop new physical characteristics because of a permanent change in the genes. These changes can happen naturally or can be produced by the use of chemicals or radiation 
  （遗传物质等）突变，变异
These bacteria have mutated into forms that are resistant to certain drugs.   这些细菌已发生突变，对某些药物产生了抗药性。
■to change from one thing or type of thing into another    转变
Jon has mutated from an awkward teenager into a sophisticated young man.   约翰从一个稚嫩的少年变成了一个久经世故的年轻男子。



★☆☆   mutation
—————————————————
noun 
uncountable 
■the way in which genes change and produce permanent differences 
  （基因的）突变，变异
It is well known that radiation can cause mutation.   众所周知，辐射可以造成基因突变。
countable 
■a permanent change in an organism, or the changed organism itself 
  （生物体的）突变，变异；突变生物体
Environmental pressures encourage genes with certain mutations to persist and others to die out.   环境的影响使某些发生了若干突变的基因存活下来，却使另一些消亡了。
These plants carry the mutation for red flowers.   这些植物携带红花变种。



★☆☆   mute
—————————————————
adjective 
■(of a person) unable or unwilling to speak, or (of an activity) silent 
  （人）哑的，沉默的；（活动）无声的
a mute child   哑巴孩子
The president has remained mute about plans to curtail the number of immigrants.   总统对于减少外来移民人数的方案保持沉默。
I gazed at her in mute (= silent) admiration.   我默默地凝视着她，心生爱慕之情。noun countable 
■a button or other device on a musical instrument that can be fixed in order to make it quieter    弱音器
■old-fashioned offensive 
■a person who is not able to speak    哑巴verb transitive 
■If you mute a noise, you do something to make it less loud    减轻（噪音）
Double glazing muted the noise of the traffic.   双层玻璃减低了交通噪音。



★☆☆   muted
—————————————————
UK adjective 
NOT LOUD  不响亮的  
■not loud 
  （声音）不响亮的，轻轻的
There was polite, muted applause when I finished speaking.   我结束发言时，响起了礼貌而又温和的掌声。UK adjective 
NOT ENTHUSIASTIC  缺乏热情的  
■showing little enthusiasm    缺乏热情的，淡漠的
The idea received a muted response.   这个想法反应平平。UK adjective 
NOT BRIGHT  不耀眼的  
■describes a colour which is not bright 
  （颜色）柔和的，不耀眼的
She was dressed in muted shades of blue.   她身穿色调柔和的蓝色衣服。



★☆☆   mute swan 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the largest type of swan, which makes no cries when flying    哑天鹅；疣鼻天鹅



★☆☆   mutilate
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to damage severely, especially by violently removing a part    使残缺不全；使伤残
Her body had been mutilated beyond recognition.   她的尸体严重毁损，根本无法辨认。
Self-hatred apparently drove her to mutilate her own face.   显然是自我憎恨驱使她自毁面容。
■to destroy an idea or a piece of art or entertainment    毁坏，使支离破碎
They have mutilated a beautiful film by making these changes.   他们的这些改动平白把一部好看的电影搞得支离破碎。



★☆☆   mutineer
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who takes part in a mutiny    反叛者，叛变者



★☆☆   mutiny
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■when a group of people, especially soldiers or sailors, refuse to obey orders and/or attempt to take control from people in authority 
  （尤指士兵或船员的）叛乱，哗变，暴动
Conditions on the ship were often very bad, and crews were on the point of mutiny.   船上的情况往往非常恶劣，船员随时可能发动哗变。
There were rumours of mutiny among the troops.   部队里有兵变的传言。
Soldiers and police killed 250-300 prisoners while crushing mutinies in three jails.   士兵和员警在镇压三个监狱的暴动时击毙了250至300名囚犯。UK verb intransitive 
■to take part in a mutiny    反叛，叛变
The crew mutinied and murdered the ship's captain.   船员哗变，杀害了船长。
The troops mutinied against their officers.   士兵反抗他们的长官。



★☆☆   mutt
—————————————————
noun countable 
PERSON  人     mainly US informal 
■a person who behaves in a silly or careless way    笨蛋；不经心的人
Come on you mutts, play harder!   加把劲，你们这些笨蛋！noun countable 
DOG  狗     mainly US 
■a mongrel 



★☆☆   mutter
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive or transitive 
 ADVANCED  
■to speak quietly and in a low voice that is not easy to hear, often when you are worried or complaining about something    嘟囔，咕哝
Stop muttering and speak up!   别咕哝了，大声说出来！
He was muttering (away) to himself.   他在喃喃自语。
Laurence muttered something about his wife and left.   劳伦斯低声说了他妻子的甚么事就离开了。
He muttered something under his breath to the person next to him.   他压低声音对他身边的人咕哝了些甚么。UK noun 
QUIET WORDS  低语  
only singular 
■(the sound of) words being said very quietly    低语（声）
I heard the soft mutter of voices in the next room.   我听到隔壁有人轻声低语。UK noun 
COMPLAINT  抱怨  
countable 
■a complaint which is made privately    嘀咕，小声抱怨
There were mutters that other departments received more money than ours.   私下里有人发牢骚说其他部门比我们部门拿的钱多。



★☆☆   mutterings
—————————————————
UK plural noun 
■complaints which are made privately    嘀咕，私下抱怨
There are mutterings of discontent among the staff.   员工中有人私下里发牢骚。



★☆☆   mutton
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the meat from an adult sheep eaten as food    羊肉UK noun uncountable 
mutton dressed as lamb UK informal disapproving 
■a way of describing an older woman who is dressed in a style that is more suitable for a younger woman    扮俏（或装嫩）的妇女
Do you think this dress is too young-looking for me? - I don't want to look like mutton dressed as lamb.   这条连身裙对我来说是不是太年轻了？我可不想装嫩。



★☆☆   muttonchops
—————————————————
UK plural noun (also muttonchop whiskers) 
■long hair growing down each side of a man's face, fashionable especially in Europe and America in the 19th century    羊排络腮胡



★☆☆   mutual
—————————————————
adjective 
 IMPROVER  
■(of two or more people or groups) feeling the same emotion, or doing the same thing to or for each other    相互的，彼此的；共同的，共有的
Theirs was a partnership based on mutual respect, trust and understanding.   他们的合作是建立在互相尊重、信任和理解的基础之上的。
Both countries are acting to their mutual advantage.   两国的做法对彼此都有好处。
The agreement was terminated by mutual consent.   经双方同意，这项协议被终止了。



★☆☆   mutual friend 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person who is the friend of two people who may or may not know each other    共同的朋友
Lynn and Phil met through a mutual friend.   林恩和菲尔是透过他们共同的朋友认识的。



★☆☆   mutual fund 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular    US for 
■unit trust 



★☆☆   mutually
—————————————————
adverb 
■felt or done by two or more people or groups in the same way    互相（两个或以上的人或团体以同样的方式感到或完成）
It will be a mutually beneficial project.   这将是一项互利的计划。
Being rich and being a Socialist are not mutually exclusive (= they can exist together at the same time).   身为富人和身为社会主义者并不相互排斥。



★☆☆   Muzak
—————————————————
noun uncountable trademark 
■recorded music that is played quietly and continuously in public places, such as airports, hotels and shops, to make people feel relaxed    米尤扎克音乐（机场、饭店、商店等公共场所连续播放的背景音乐）



★☆☆   muzzle
—————————————————
noun countable 
ANIMAL  动物  
■the mouth and nose of an animal, especially a dog, or a covering put over this in order to prevent the animal from biting 
  （动物的）口鼻；（尤指狗的）口套noun countable 
GUN  枪  
■the end of a gun barrel , where the bullets come out    枪口；炮口verb transitive 
ANIMAL  动物  
■to put a muzzle on an animal    为…戴上口套
Dangerous dogs should be muzzled.   凶猛的狗应该戴上口套。verb transitive 
STOP OPINIONS  缄默  
■to stop a person or organization from expressing independent opinions    使缄默；钳制…的言论
The new Secrecy Act will muzzle the media and the opposition.   新的保密法将会压制媒体及反对派的声音。



