★☆☆   collection
—————————————————
noun 
THINGS TOGETHER  收集物  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a group of objects of one type that have been collected by one person or in one place    收藏品；收集物
a private art collection   私人艺术收藏品
a valuable stamp collection   珍贵的邮票收藏品
 IMPROVER  countable 
■an amount of money collected from several people, or the act of collecting money    募集的钱；捐的款；募捐的钱
We're having a collection for Tom's retirement present.   我们正凑钱准备给汤姆买退休礼物。
countable 
■a lot of things or people    一堆（东西）；一群（人）
There's quite a collection of toothbrushes in the bathroom.   浴室里有一大堆牙刷。
countable 
■a range of new clothes produced by one clothes designer 
  （某位服装设计师的）一系列新装作品
Kenzo's summer/winter collection   高田贤三的夏装／冬装系列noun 
GETTING  收取  
countable or uncountable 
■when something is taken away from a place    领取；收取；拿走
The photos will be ready for collection on Tuesday afternoon.   照片周二下午就可以取。
Which day is the rubbish collection?   哪天收垃圾？
UK There are three collections a day from the post box on the corner.   街角的邮箱每天收取信件三次。



★☆☆   collective
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
■of or shared by every member of a group of people    集体的；共同的
a collective decision/effort   共同的决定／努力
collective responsibility/leadership   共同责任／集体领导noun countable 
■an organization or business which is owned and controlled by the people who work in it    联合组织；企业集团；集体企业



★☆☆   collective bargaining 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the system in which employees talk as a group with their employers to try to agree on matters such as pay and working conditions 
  （劳资双方的）集体谈判



★☆☆   collective farm 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■(originally in countries which had a communist system of government) a large farm or group of farms owned by the state but controlled by the workers 
  （原共产主义国家的）集体农场，集体农庄



★☆☆   collectively
—————————————————
adverb 
■as a group    集体地；全体地，共同地
She has a staff of four who collectively earn almost $200 000.   她有四名员工，创造收入近20万美元。



★☆☆   collective noun
—————————————————
 specialized 
noun countable 
■a noun which describes a group of things or people as a unit    集合名词
'Family' and 'flock' are examples of collective nouns.   family 和 flock 是集合名词。



★☆☆   collectivism
—————————————————
UK US specialized 
noun uncountable 
■a theory or political system based on the principle that all of the farms, factories and other places of work in a country should be owned by or for all the people in that country    集体主义；集体主义制度



★☆☆   collector
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
HOBBY  爱好  
■someone who collects objects because they are beautiful, valuable or interesting    收集者；收藏者；收藏家
a keen stamp/antiques collector   著迷的集邮者／古董收藏家
a collector of modern art   现代艺术收藏家UK noun countable 
JOB  职业  
■someone whose job is to collect tickets or money from people    检票员；收款人；讨债人
a tax/ticket collector   税务员／检票员



★☆☆   collector's item
—————————————————
(also collector's piece) 
noun countable 
■an object which is very valuable to a person who collects those objects as a hobby because it is so rare or beautiful    值得收藏的珍品；可收藏的东西



★☆☆   colleen
—————————————————
UK noun countable    Irish 
■a girl or young woman    少女，姑娘
US 
■a girl from Ireland    爱尔兰少女



★☆☆   college
—————————————————
UK noun 
EDUCATION  教育  
 ESSENTIAL  countable or uncountable 
■any place for specialized education after the age of 16 where people study or train to get knowledge and/or skills    学院；职业学校；技术学校；高等专科学校
a teacher training college   师范学院
a secretarial college   文秘专科学校
a Naval college   海军学校
UK a sixth form college   预科学校
She's at art college.   她在艺术学院学习。
 ESSENTIAL  countable or uncountable US 
■university 
  （大学）校园，校区
You have to go to (= study at) college for a lot of years if you want to be a doctor.   如果你想当医生，就必须在大学里学习好多年。
countable 
■one of the separate and named parts into which some universities are divided 
  （大学的）学院，分院
King's College, Cambridge   剑桥大学国王学院
I attended the College of Arts and Sciences at New York University.   我就读于纽约大学的文理学院。
Cambridge has some very fine old colleges (= college buildings).   剑桥大学有一些非常优美古雅的学院大楼。
countable 
■in Britain and Australia, used in the names of some schools for children, especially those where education is paid for    公学，学校（用于英国和澳大利亚某些私立学校的名称）
Cheltenham Ladies' College   切尔滕纳姆女子公学UK noun 
GROUP  团体  
countable 
■a group of people with a particular job, purpose, duty or power who are organized into a group for sharing ideas, making decisions, etc.    学会，社团，协会
the Royal College of Medicine/Nursing   皇家医科／护理学会



★☆☆   collegiate
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■of or belonging to a college or its students    大学的，学院的；大学生的
a collegiate theatre   大学戏院
collegiate sports   大学体育
■UK 
■formed of colleges    下设学院的，由学院组成的
Oxford and Cambridge are both collegiate universities.   牛津和剑桥都是由许多学院组成的综合性大学。



★☆☆   collide
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
■(especially of moving objects) to hit something violently 
  （尤指移动的物体）相撞，碰撞
The two vans collided at the crossroads.   两辆货车在十字路口相撞。
It was predicted that a comet would collide with one of the planets.   预计一颗彗星将与某行星相撞。



★☆☆   collie
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■any of several breeds of dog with long hair which are bred for controlling sheep    柯利犬，长毛牧羊犬



★☆☆   collier
—————————————————
UK noun countable    formal 
■a coal miner 
■* a ship used for carrying coal    运煤船



★☆☆   colliery
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a coal mine and all the buildings, machines, etc. connected with it    煤矿



★☆☆   collision
—————————————————
noun 
ACCIDENT  意外  
countable or uncountable 
■an accident that happens when two vehicles hit each other with force 
  （车辆的）碰撞，相撞
There has been a collision on the southbound stretch of the motorway.   在高速公路南向路段上发生了一宗撞车事故。
Two drivers were killed in a head-on (= direct) collision between a car and a taxi last night.   昨晚，一辆轿车与一辆计程车迎面相撞，两名司机身亡。
The cyclist was in collision with a bus.   那个骑脚踏车的人与一辆公车相撞。noun 
DIFFERENCE  冲突  
countable 
■a strong disagreement    冲突，抵触
There was a collision of interests/opinions.   存在利益冲突／意见不合。noun 
be on a collision course 
■If two or more people or groups are on a collision course, they are doing or saying things which are certain to cause a serious disagreement or fight between them    必然导致冲突；势必发生冲突
All attempts at diplomacy have broken down and the two states now appear to be on a collision course.   所有的外交努力都失败了，现在两国发生冲突似乎在所难免。



★☆☆   collocate
—————————————————
UK US specialized 
verb intransitive 
■(of words and phrases) to often be used together in a way that sounds correct to people who have spoken the language all their lives, but might not be expected from the meaning 
  （词或短语）搭配，组合



★☆☆   collocation
—————————————————
UK US specialized 
noun 
countable (also collocate) 
■a word or phrase which is often used with another word or phrase, in a way that sounds correct to people who have spoken the language all their lives, but might not be expected from the meaning    搭配（词）
In the phrase 'a hard frost', 'hard' is a collocation of 'frost' and 'strong' would not sound natural.   在短语 a hard frost 中，hard 可与 frost 搭配，用 strong 则听上去不自然。
countable 
■the combination of words formed when two or more words are often used together in a way that sounds correct 
  （词语的）习惯组合；搭配词组
The phrase 'a hard frost' is a collocation.   短语 a hard frost 是搭配词组。
uncountable 
■the regular use of some words and phrases with others, especially in a way which is difficult to guess    （尤指不易猜测的）固定搭配，习惯搭配



★☆☆   colloquial
—————————————————
UK US specialized 
adjective 
■(of words and expressions) informal and more suitable for use in speech than in writing 
  （词语或表达方式）口语的，俗语的，非正式的
colloquial speech   口语



★☆☆   colloquialism
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an informal word or expression which is more suitable for use in speech than in writing    口语体；口语词汇



★☆☆   colloquy
—————————————————
UK US formal 
noun countable 
■a formal conversation    正式谈话，会谈



★☆☆   collude
—————————————————
 formal 
verb intransitive 
■to act together secretly or illegally in order to deceive or cheat someone    串通；勾结；共谋
It was suspected that the police had colluded with the witnesses.   警方涉嫌与证人暗中串通。



★☆☆   collusion
—————————————————
 formal 
noun uncountable 
■agreement between people to act together secretly or illegally in order to deceive or cheat someone    勾结，共谋，串通（多人为欺骗某人而达成的协议，当中涉及联合的违法或秘密行动）
It is thought that they worked in collusion with the terrorist network.   人们认为他们与恐怖主义网路有勾结。



★☆☆   cologne
—————————————————
UK US  (also eau de cologne) 
noun uncountable 
■a type of perfume    科隆香水，古龙香水



★☆☆   Colombia
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Colombia    哥伦比亚



★☆☆   Colombian
—————————————————
noun countable adjective 
■Colombian    哥伦比亚人／哥伦比亚的



★☆☆   colon
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
BODY PART  身体部位  
■the lower and bigger half of the bowels in which water is removed from solid waste    结肠UK noun countable 
SIGN  符号  
■the sign : used in writing, especially to introduce a list of things or a sentence or phrase taken from somewhere else    冒号



★☆☆   colonel
—————————————————
UK US  (written abbreviation Col.) 
noun countable 
■an officer of high rank in the army or air force 
  （陆军或空军）上校
Colonel Marcus Furlong   马库斯‧弗朗上校
Colonel is the military rank between lieutenant-colonel and brigadier.   上校是介于中校和准将之间的军衔。



★☆☆   Colonel Blimp
—————————————————
 UK old-fashioned 
noun countable 
■an old man who has old-fashioned ideas and believes he is very important    顽固保守的老头，老顽固，守旧分子



★☆☆   colonial
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ADVANCED  [before noun] 
■relating to a colony or colonialism    殖民地的；殖民主义的
Turkey was once an important colonial power.   土耳其曾是一个显赫的殖民强国。
Various parts of Africa have suffered under colonial rule.   非洲各地都遭受过殖民统治。
a colonial mentality   殖民主义心态
■describes furniture or buildings in the style of a period when some countries were colonies 
  （家俱或建筑物）具有殖民地风格的，殖民地时期风格的
colonial architecture   殖民地时期的建筑
colonial-style houses   殖民地时期风格的房屋UK noun countable 
■a person from another country who lives in a colony , especially as part of its system of government 
  （尤指来自宗主国的）殖民地居民



★☆☆   colonialism
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the belief in and support for the system of one country controlling another    殖民主义



★☆☆   colonialist
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■relating to colonialism    殖民主义的
the colonialist powers   殖民主义列强
colonialist ideology   殖民主义的意识形态UK noun countable 
■a supporter of colonialism    殖民主义者



★☆☆   colonist
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who lives in or goes to live in a country or area that is a colony    殖民地居民；殖民地移民；殖民地开拓者



★☆☆   colonize
—————————————————
(UK usually colonise) UK verb transitive often passive 
■to send people to live in and govern another country    使殖民地化；将…建为殖民地
Peru was colonized by the Spanish in the sixteenth century.   秘鲁在16世纪沦为西班牙的殖民地。



★☆☆   colonnade
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a row of columns separated from each other by an equal distance    列柱，柱廊



★☆☆   colony
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a country or area controlled politically by a more powerful and often distant country    殖民地
Australia and New Zealand are former British colonies.   澳大利亚和纽西兰从前是英国的殖民地。
■a group of people who live in a colony    殖民地定居者群体
■a group of people with a shared interest or job who live together in a way that is separate from other people 
  （具有共同爱好或工作的）聚居人群，群体
an artists' colony   聚居在一起的艺术家
a nudist colony   群居的裸体主义者
■specialized 
■a group of animals, insects or plants of the same type that live together 
  （动物、昆虫或植物的）群，群落；生物群
a colony of ants/termites/bacteria   蚁群／白蚁群／菌落



★☆☆   color
—————————————————
UK noun    US for 
■colour



★☆☆   Colorado beetle
—————————————————
UK  US (US usually Colorado potato beetle) 
noun countable 
■a type of beetle with black and yellow lines on its body which attacks potato plants    科罗拉多甲虫（一种身上有黑黄条纹的甲虫，侵袭马铃薯植物）



★☆☆   coloration
—————————————————
 specialized 
noun uncountable 
■when colour is present on an animal or plant and the pattern which the colour makes 
  （动物或植物的）颜色，色彩，花纹



★☆☆   color line 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular    US for 
■colour bar 



★☆☆   colossal
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■extremely large    巨大的，庞大的
In the centre of the hall stood a colossal wooden statue, decorated in ivory and gold.   大厅中央矗立着一尊用象牙和黄金装饰的木质巨型雕像。
They were asking a colossal amount of money for the house.   他们对这房子漫天要价。



★☆☆   colossus
—————————————————
UK US  (plural colossuses or colossi)
noun countable 
■a person or thing of great size, influence or ability    巨大的人（或物）；极具影响力（或能力）的人物；巨人
She has been described as the creative colossus of the literary world.   她被誉为文坛创作巨匠。
■a very large statue or building    巨大的雕像（或建筑物）
the Colossus of Rhodes   罗得岛太阳神铜像



★☆☆   colour
—————————————————
 UK (ALSO US color) UK noun 
APPEARANCE  外表  
 ESSENTIAL  countable or uncountable 
■red, blue, green, yellow, etc.    颜色
What's your favourite colour?   你最喜欢甚么颜色？
She wears a lot of bright colours.   她穿得很鲜艳。
What colour are your eyes?   你的眼睛是甚么颜色？
Does the shirt come in any other colour?   这衬衫有其他颜色的吗？
I like rich jewel colours, such as purple, blue and green.   我喜欢浓重的宝石色，如紫色、蓝色和绿色。
Are the photos in colour or black and white?   照片是彩色的还是黑白的？
uncountable 
■the pleasant effect of a bright colour or of a lot of colours together    色彩，色调
I think we need a bit of colour in this room.   我觉得我们这个房间需要增加一点色彩。
Red and yellow peppers give a little colour to the sauce.   红色和黄色的辣椒给酱汁添加了一点色彩。
literary The whole garden was ablaze with/a riot of colour (= full of different bright colours).   整个花园五彩缤纷。
countable 
■a substance, such as a paint or dye , which you add to something to give it a particular colour    颜料，染料
I put my new green shirt in a hot wash and the colour ran (= the colour came out of the material).   我把新买的绿色衬衫往热水中一泡，颜色就褪掉了。
uncountable 
■a pink colour in someone's face, often showing good health or showing feelings such as embarrassment or excitement    红润的面色；血色，气色
That walk has put some colour in your cheeks.   散散步使你的气色好看些了。
I watched the colour drain from her face as she heard the news.   我注意到她得知这消息后脸色煞白。
She has a high colour (= The natural colour of her face is red).   她面色红润。 UK (ALSO US color) UK noun 
INTEREST  趣味  
uncountable 
■interesting or exciting qualities or details    趣味；风格；风味；色彩
We added your story for a bit of local colour.   我们给你的故事加了一些本土色彩。
Michael was there so that added a bit of colour to the evening's proceedings.   迈克尔的到场使那晚的活动生色不少。 UK (ALSO US color) UK noun 
RACE  种族  
countable or uncountable 
■the natural colour of a person's skin which shows which race they belong to 
  （人种的）肤色
She felt she had not been given the job because of her colour.   她觉得没有得到那份工作是因为自己的肤色。
There should be no discrimination on the grounds of colour.   基于肤色的歧视是不应该的。 UK (ALSO US color) UK noun 
SYMBOL  标志  
colours [plural] 
■(at school, college or university) an honour given to people who have been chosen for a sports team, which is often represented by a special symbol on a shirt or tie 
  （中学或大学授予入选运动队者的）徽章
She was awarded her colours for hockey/her hockey colours at the end of term.   她在学期末获选入曲棍球队。
■the official flag of a country, ship or military group    国旗；舰旗；军旗
regimental colours   团旗 UK (ALSO US color) UK noun 
 see sb's true colours 
■to see someone's real character for the first time, especially when it is unpleasant    看清（某人）的真面目
It was only when they started to work together that she began to see his true colours.   直到他们开始共事她才看清他的真面目。 UK (ALSO US color) UK noun 
 show sb in their true colours 
■to show what someone's real character is, especially when it is unpleasant    显露（某人）的真面目 UK (ALSO US color) UK adjective 
■Colour television, photography or printing shows things in all their colours, not just in black and white. 
  （电视、照片、印刷）彩色的 UK (ALSO US color) UK verb 
BECOME A COLOUR  给…着色  
intransitive or transitive 
■to become a particular colour, or to make something a particular colour    变色；给…着色；使成为…色
Do you think he colours his hair?   你觉得他染发了吗？
He drew a heart and coloured it red.   他画了一颗心并把它涂成红色。
Fry the onions till they start to colour.   将洋葱煎至变色。
intransitive 
■to become red in the face because you are embarrassed 
  （因为尴尬而）脸红 UK (ALSO US color) UK verb 
INFLUENCE  影响  
transitive often passive 
■If something colours your opinion of something, it influences your opinion in a negative way    影响（观点）；使有偏见
I'm sure my views on marriage are coloured by my parents' divorce.   我对婚姻的看法肯定受到了我父母离婚一事的影响。
I'm trying not to let my judgment be coloured by that one incident.   我努力不让自己的判断因为那次事件而带上偏见。 UK (ALSO US color) UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] colour sth in 
■to fill an area with colour using paint, coloured pencils, etc.    给…上色，给…填色，给…着色
Rosie drew an elephant and coloured it in.   罗西画了一头大象，然后给它上了色。




★☆☆   colour bar
—————————————————
 UK (US color barrier) 
noun countable usually singular 
■a social and legal system in which people of different races are separated and not given the same rights and opportunities    肤色障碍，种族障碍（指实行种族隔离、权利与机遇因种族而异的社会和法律制度）



★☆☆   colour-blind
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■unable to see the difference between particular colours, especially green and red 
  （尤指红绿）色盲的



★☆☆   colour-coded
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■If a set of objects such as books or wires are colour-coded, they are in different colours so that people can recognize them as being different or separate.    以色彩作区别的；以色彩划分的



★☆☆   coloured
—————————————————
 UK (ALSO US colored) UK adjective 
APPEARANCE  外表的  
■having or producing a colour or colours    有颜色的；彩色的
coloured lights/pencils   彩灯／彩色铅笔 UK (ALSO US colored) UK adjective 
RACE  种族的     old-fashioned 
■used to describe a person who has black or brown skin. This word is now considered offensive by most people    有色人种的（现在大多数人认为该词具有冒犯性）
Coloured people were not allowed to use the same facilities as whites.   以前不允许有色人种与白人使用同一设施。
■old-fashioned 
■in South Africa, describes a person of mixed race 
  （南非）混血种的
In the recent elections, the National Party was given a lot of support from the coloured population.   在最近的选举中，（南非）国民党得到了混血人种的大力支持。 UK (ALSO US colored) UK noun 
RACE  种族的  
countable old-fashioned 
■a person who has black or brown skin. This word is now considered offensive by most people.    有色人种（现在大多数人认为该词具有冒犯性）
countable old-fashioned 
■in South Africa, a person of mixed race 
  （南非的）混血种人 UK (ALSO US colored) UK noun 
APPEARANCE  外貌  
coloureds [plural] 
■clothes that are any colour except white    带颜色的衣服



★☆☆   colour-fast
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■If a piece of clothing or material is colour-fast, its colour will not change or lose brightness when it is washed.    不变色的；不褪色的，不掉色的



★☆☆   colourful
—————————————————
 UK (ALSO US colorful) UK adjective 
APPEARANCE  外观  
■having bright colours or a lot of different colours    色彩鲜艳的；艳丽的；五颜六色的
a colourful painting   色彩艳丽的油画
colourful costumes   五颜六色的服装 UK (ALSO US colorful) UK adjective 
INTERESTING  有趣的  
■interesting and exciting    丰富多彩的；有声有色的
a colourful character   有趣的人物
The town, of course, has a very colourful history/past.   当然，这座城镇具有丰富多彩的历史。
The old city around the cathedral is the most colourful part of town.   环绕大教堂的旧城区是该城最饶有趣味的地方。



★☆☆   colouring
—————————————————
 UK (ALSO US coloring) UK noun 
APPEARANCE  外表  
only singular 
■the combined effect of a person's hair, skin and eye colour 
  （人的头发、皮肤和眼睛的）总体颜色
Their colouring is so totally different that you would never think they were sisters.   她们的肤色大不相同，你绝对不会想到她们是姐妹。 UK (ALSO US coloring) UK noun 
SUBSTANCE  物质  
countable or uncountable 
■a substance that is added to food or drink to change its colour artificially 
  （食用）色素
It says on the label that no preservatives or artificial colourings have been added.   标签上说没有添加任何防腐剂和人工色素。



★☆☆   colourless
—————————————————
 UK (ALSO US colorless) UK adjective 
NO COLOUR  无色的  
■having no colour    无色的
Water and glass are colourless.   水和玻璃是无色的。
Carbon monoxide is a colourless, odourless, poisonous gas.   一氧化碳是一种无色、无味的有毒气体。 UK (ALSO US colorless) UK adjective 
BORING  乏味的  
■not exciting or not interesting    不刺激的；不精彩的；平淡无趣的；乏味的
It is a rather grey, colourless city, with few interesting sights.   这是一个灰暗、了无生趣的城市，有趣的景点寥寥无几。



★☆☆   colour prejudice 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■an unreasonable dislike of people who have a different skin colour which results in the unfair treatment of members of different races    种族偏见



★☆☆   colour scheme
—————————————————
 UK 
noun countable 
■a combination of colours that has been chosen for a particular room 
  （特定房间的）色彩设计，色彩搭配



★☆☆   colour supplement
—————————————————
mainly UK 
noun countable 
■a magazine with colour pictures which is given free with a newspaper, especially on Saturdays and Sundays 
  （尤指周六、周日随报纸赠送的）彩色增刊



★☆☆   colourway
—————————————————
UK  US UK specialized 
noun countable 
■a combination of colours in which cloth or paper is printed    颜色搭配，配色
The sweaters are available in two colourways: grey/pink or blue/white   这些毛衣有两种配色：灰色和粉红色，或蓝色和白色。



★☆☆   Colt
—————————————————
UK US  trademark 
noun countable 
■(the name of the maker of) a small American gun    科尔特（牌）手枪



★☆☆   colt
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a young male horse under the age of four 
  （四岁以下的）小马驹，小公马    Compare filly



★☆☆   columbine
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a plant which has brightly coloured flowers with five pointed petals that hang down    耧斗菜



★☆☆   column
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
PRINTING  印刷  
 IMPROVER  
■one of several vertical blocks of print into which a page of a newspaper or magazine is divided 
  （报纸、杂志上的）栏
I didn't have time to read the whole article - just the first column.   我没有时间读整篇文章——只看了第一栏。
 IMPROVER  
■a piece of writing in a newspaper or magazine which is always written by the same person and which appears regularly, usually on a particular subject 
  （报纸、杂志上的）栏目，专栏
She writes a weekly fashion/gossip column for the Evening Standard.   她每周都在《旗帜晚报》的时尚／漫谈专栏中发表文章。
■any vertical block of words or numbers 
  （词或数字的）纵列
Add the column of figures and divide the sum by three.   把这列数字相加，再将总数除以3。UK noun countable 
BUILDING  建筑物  
 ADVANCED  
■a tall vertical stone post which is used as a support for a roof or in classical (= in the style of ancient Greece or Rome) buildings for decoration, or which stands alone as a monument (= as a symbol of respect for a special person or event)    石柱；纪念柱
The roof of the temple was held up by a row of thick stone columns.   这座寺庙的屋顶由一排粗大的石柱支撑着。
Nelson's Column in Trafalgar Square   特拉法加广场上的纳尔逊纪念柱
⇨ See also spinal column
column of sth 
■something with a tall narrow shape    …柱
A column of smoke rose from the chimney.   烟里冒出了一柱烟。
■a line of moving people or vehicles    一队，一列（移动的人或车辆）
a column of refugees   一队难民



★☆☆   columnist
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who writes a regular article for a newspaper or magazine 
  （报纸、杂志的）专栏作家
a gossip/sports columnist   漫谈／体育专栏作家
She's a columnist for USA Today.   她是《今日美国》的专栏作家。



★☆☆   colón
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the standard unit of money used in Costa Rica and El Salvador 
  （哥斯大黎加和萨尔瓦多的标准货币单位）科朗



★☆☆   com-
—————————————————
UK prefix 
■together; with    共；同；合；公
combination   结合
community   社区
companions   同伴



★☆☆   coma
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a state of unconsciousness from which a person cannot be woken, which is caused by damage to the brain after an accident or illness    昏迷（状态）
He's been in a coma for the past six weeks.   在过去的六个星期里，他一直昏迷不醒。
She went into a deep coma after taking an overdose of sleeping pills.   她服用过量安眠药后，陷入了深度昏迷。



★☆☆   comatose
—————————————————
UK adjective    specialized 
■in a coma    不省人事的，昏迷的
■informal 
■very tired or in a deep sleep because of extreme tiredness, hard work or too much alcohol 
  （因极度疲倦、劳累或酗酒而）极困倦的，昏睡的
By midnight I was virtually comatose.   到了午夜时分，我差不多昏睡过去了。



★☆☆   comb
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
FOR HAIR  用于梳头发  
 IMPROVER  
■a flat piece of plastic, wood or metal with a thin row of long narrow parts along one side, which you use to tidy and arrange your hair    梳子
■a small comb-shaped object which women put in their hair to hold their hair away from their face or for decoration    梳状发卡；梳状发饰UK noun countable 
CHICKEN  鸡  
■a soft red growth on a chicken's head; a cockscomb    鸡冠UK verb transitive 
TIDY HAIR  梳理头发  
 ADVANCED  
■to tidy your hair using a comb    梳，梳理
She combed her hair and put on some lipstick.   她梳好头发，涂了点口红。
I've been trying to comb out (= remove using a comb) the knots in her hair.   我一直想把她头发上的结梳开。UK verb transitive 
SEARCH  搜寻  
■to search a place or an area very carefully in order to find something    认真搜寻；仔细搜查
The police combed the whole area for evidence.   警方为了寻找证据搜遍了整个地区。
Investigators combed through the wreckage.   调查人员在残骸中认真搜寻。



★☆☆   combat 
—————————————————
noun UK  ADVANCED  countable or uncountable 
■a fight, especially during a war 
  （尤指战争中的）战斗，搏斗
There was fierce combat between the two sides.   双方展开了激烈的战斗。
No one knew how many troops had died in combat.   没有人知道在战斗中死了多少士兵。
The soldiers were engaged in hand-to-hand combat.   士兵展开了肉搏战。
armed combat (= fighting with weapons)   武装斗争
unarmed combat (= fighting without weapons)   非武装斗争
 ADVANCED  countable 
■a fight between two people or things    打斗；斗争；格斗
The film explores the combat between good and evil.   影片探讨了善恶之间的较量。verb transitive UK US 
 (-tt- or -t-)
 ADVANCED  
■to try to stop something unpleasant or harmful from happening or increasing    与…战斗；与…作斗争；打击；制止
to combat crime/terrorism/inflation/disease   打击犯罪／打击恐怖主义／抑制通货膨胀／与疾病搏斗
The government is spending millions of dollars in its attempt to combat drug abuse.   政府正斥资数百万美元打击滥用毒品的行为。
I have to combat this constant desire to eat chocolate.   我不得不克制自己老想吃巧克力的欲望。



★☆☆   combatant
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
noun countable 
■a person who fights in a war    战斗人员，战士，斗士



★☆☆   combative
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
adjective 
■eager to fight or argue    好战的；好斗的；好争论的
The prime minister was in a combative mood, twice accusing the opposition of gross incompetence.   首相斗志旺盛，两次指责反对党极端无能。



★☆☆   combat trousers
—————————————————
(also combats) 
plural noun 
■loose trousers made of strong material with large pockets on the outside of the legs    战斗裤，作战裤
British Army camouflage-pattern combat trousers   英军的迷彩战斗裤



★☆☆   comber
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a long curling wave    卷浪



★☆☆   combination
—————————————————
UK noun 
 ESSENTIAL  countable or uncountable 
■the mixture you get when two or more things are combined    联合；混合；结合；综合
Strawberries and cream - a perfect combination.   草莓加奶油——完美的组合。
A combination of tiredness and boredom caused me to fall asleep.   疲倦而又无聊使我昏昏入睡。
This drug can be safely used in combination with other medicines.   这药可以与其他药物一起安全服用。
Her experience and energy are a winning combination (= a successful mixture) in business.   经验加干劲是她在生意上成功的秘诀。
countable specialized 
■an arrangement in a different order    组合
From the letters X Y Z, we can get three combinations of two letters: XY, XZ, and YZ.   由字母XYZ，我们可以得到三种两个字母的组合方式：XY，XZ和YZ。
countable 
■a set of letters or numbers in a particular order which can be used to open some types of locks 
  （用于开某些锁的）数码组合，密码
a combination lock   密码锁



★☆☆   combine 
—————————————————
verb[kəmˈbaɪn/
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to (cause to) exist together, or join together to make a single thing or group 
  （使）结合；（使）联合；（使）合并；（使）综合
None of us has much money so let's combine what we've got.   我们谁都没多少钱，因此就把我们所有的钱凑在一起吧。
Sickness, combined with (= together with) terrible weather, contrived to ruin the trip.   疾病，加上恶劣的天气，毁掉了这次旅行。
The two countries combined against their common enemy.   两国联合起来对抗共同的敌人。
[+ to infinitive] These normally harmless substances combine to form a highly poisonous gas.   通常情况下这些是无害物质，但混合在一起后会形成一种毒性很强的气体。
transitive 
■If someone combines two or more qualities, they have both of those qualities 
  （人）兼具，兼有
As a writer, he combined wit and/with passion.   作为一名作家，他既诙谐又不乏激情。
transitive 
■to do two activities at the same time    兼办，兼做，同时做（两种活动）
She manages to successfully combine family life and/with a career.   她成功地做到了家庭事业两者兼顾。noun UK GROUP  组织  
countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a group of people or organizations acting together in business    联合企业，集团
They had earlier that year established a newspaper combine.   他们在那年早些时候成立了报业集团。noun UK MACHINE  机器  
countable (also combine harvester) 
■a large farming machine which cuts the plant, separates the seed from the stem and cleans the grain as it moves across a field    联合收割机



★☆☆   combining form
—————————————————
 specialized 
noun countable 
■a word or group of letters which is added to the beginning or end of words to change or add meaning    构词成分，组合语素
The combining form 'Anglo', which means English, combines to make various words, including Anglo-American and Anglophile.   构词成分 Anglo 意为“英国的”，可构成许多词，如 Anglo-American（英美的）和 Anglophile（亲英的）。



★☆☆   combo
—————————————————
UK  US  US (plural combos)    informal 
noun 
MIXTURE  混合物  
countable 
■a combination of different things    混合物；大杂烩
That's a funny combo - pink and orange.   多么可笑的组合——粉红色和橙色。
I'll have the burrito and taco combo, please.   请给我来份玉米煎饼和玉米卷杂烩。



★☆☆   combover
—————————————————
(also comb-over) UK noun countable 
■a hairstyle in which a man brushes hair from the side of his head across the top of his head because he has no hair there    雄性秃的男子把头顶四周的头发梳至头顶的发型



★☆☆   combustible
—————————————————
 formal 
adjective 
■able to burn easily    可燃的，易燃的
Wood and coal are both combustible substances.   木头和煤炭都是可燃物质。



★☆☆   combustion
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the process of burning    燃烧（过程）
specialized 
■the chemical process in which substances mix with oxygen in the air to produce heat and light    （化学）燃烧



★☆☆   combustion chamber 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a closed space in which combustion happens    燃烧室



★☆☆   come
—————————————————
verb (came, come)
MOVE TO SPEAKER  向说话人靠近  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive 
■to move or travel towards the speaker or with the speaker 
  （向或跟随说话人）来，过来
Are you coming with me?   你跟我来吗？
There's a car coming!   来了辆轿车！
Can you come to my party?   你能来参加我的聚会吗？
Here comes Adam.   亚当来了。
She's come 500 km (= has travelled 500 km) to be here with us tonight.   她特地从500公里外赶来，是为了今晚和我们在一起。
If you're ever in Oxford, come and visit us.   你如果有机会到牛津，一定要来我们家坐坐。
We came by car.   我们是坐汽车来的。
Your father will come for (= to collect) you at 4 o'clock.   你父亲四点来接你。
Come forward a bit and stand on the line.   向前来一点，站在线上。
I've come straight from the airport.   我直接从机场过来的。
The door opened and a nurse came into the room.   门开了，一位护士走了进来。
[+ to infinitive] A man's coming to mend the boiler this afternoon.   今天下午有人要来修锅炉。
As he came towards me, I could see he'd been crying.   他向我走来时，我看得出他一直在哭。
He thought we'd been picking his apples and came after (= chased) us with a stick.   他以为我们在摘他的苹果，所以拿了根棍子来追我们。
[+ -ing verb] He came rushing over when I fell.   我一倒下，他就冲了过来。
  Common Learner Errors   come   Remember: come is used to talk about movement towards where the speaker is.   He came to my office today to ask me for help.   To talk about movement to another place, away from the speaker, don't say 'come', say go :
✗ If I came there again one day, I would probably be disappointed.   If I went there again one day, I would probably be disappointed.
  Common Learner Errors   come   Warning: choose the correct preposition!   To talk about moving towards a town/country etc. where the speaker is or going there with the speaker, don't say 'come in/at', say come to a town/country etc.:
✗ Next time you come in London please stay at my house.   Next time you come to London please stay at my house.verb (came, come)
MOVE TO LISTENER  向听者靠近  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive 
■to move or travel in the direction of the person being spoken to 
  （向听者方向）来
"Sal, are you ready?" "Coming."   “萨尔， 好了吗？”“就来。”　
I'll come and pick you up in the car if you like.   要是你愿意，我开车来接你。
I've come for (= come to collect) your census form.   我是来取你的人口普查表的。
[+ to infinitive] I've come to read the gas meter.   我是来抄煤气表的。verb (came, come)
ARRIVE  到达  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive 
■to get to a particular place    来到，抵达
Has she come yet?   她来了没有？
When does the post come?   邮件甚么时候送来？
Hasn't his train come in yet?   他乘坐的火车还没进站吗？verb (came, come)
LEAVE  离开  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive + adverb or preposition 
■to leave a place    赶走（某人），撵走（某人）
I had to come away from the party early.   我不得不早早离开聚会。
The police watched him come out of the house.   员警看着他走出那所房子。verb (came, come)
DIFFERENT STATE  不同位置  
 ESSENTIAL  [L] 
■to change or develop so as to be in a different position or condition    改变位置；变成，成为
Those pictures will have to come down (= be removed from the wall).   那些画都必须（从墙上）拿下来。
He pulled the knob and it just came off (in his hand).   他拉了一下把手，它就掉下来了。
How many times have you come off that horse?   你从那匹马上摔下来多少次了？
She punched him in the mouth and two of his teeth came out.   她猛击他的嘴部，打掉了他两颗牙。
Can you get this cork to come out of the bottle?   你能把瓶塞拔出来吗？
When does the heating come on (= start working) ?   暖气甚么时候来？
[+ adj] A wire has come loose at the back.   后面有一根电线松了。
The door came open for no apparent reason.   门不知怎么就开了。verb (came, come)
HAPPEN  发生  
 IMPROVER  intransitive 
■to happen    发生
Spring has come early.   春天来得早。
The announcement came at a bad time.   公告来得不是时候。
Her resignation came as quite a shock.   她的辞职很让人意外。
informal Come Monday morning (= When it is Monday morning) you'll regret staying up all night.   到周一早上你就会后悔不该整晚熬夜。
I'm afraid those days are gone and they'll never come again.   恐怕那样的日子一去不复返了。verb (came, come)
come after/first/last, etc. 
 IMPROVER  
■to have or achieve a particular position in a race, competition, list, etc.    位列…之后／第一／最后等
She UKcame second/ UScame in second in the 100m race.   她在一百米赛跑中得了第二。
Z comes after Y in the alphabet.   在英语字母表中，Z排在Y之后。
Which king came after Edward?   爱德华之后的国王是谁？
April comes before May.   四月在五月之前。
I know the first verse of the song, but I don't know what comes next.   我知道这首歌的第一节歌词，但接下来的就不清楚了。verb (came, come)
EXIST  存在  
 ADVANCED  intransitive + adverb or preposition [not continuous] 
■to exist or be available    存在，有；可得到，有供应
Do these trousers come in any other colour?   这些裤子有别的颜色吗？
Runners come in all shapes and sizes - fat and thin, short and tall.   跑步的人形形色色——有胖有瘦，有高有矮。
This cuddly baby doll comes with her own blanket and bottle.   这个可爱的洋娃娃配有毯子和奶瓶。
They're the best sunglasses you can buy, but they don't come cheap (= they are expensive).   这是市面上最好的太阳镜，只是价格不菲。verb (came, come)
come to do sth 
■to start to do something    开始做，着手做
I've come to like her over the months.   经过这几个月的时间，我开始喜欢上她了。
It used to hold paper bags, but gradually came to be used for magazines.   它以前是用来装纸袋的，但渐渐地就被用来装杂志了。
How did that phrase come to mean (= develop so that it means) that?   那个短语怎么会变成这个意思？verb (came, come)
SEX  性行为  
intransitive 
■to have an orgasm    达到性高潮verb (came, come)
as it comes UK 
■If someone asks how they should prepare your drink and you say as it comes, you mean that any way they prepare it will be acceptable    随便，怎样都行
"How do you like your coffee?" "Oh, as it comes."   “你要甚么样的咖啡？”“噢，随便。”verb (came, come)
be as crazy/rich, etc. as they come 
■to be very crazy, rich, etc.    非常疯狂／富有等
He's as mean as they come.   他卑鄙极了。verb (came, come)
Come again? informal 
■used to ask someone to repeat something that you have not heard or understood 
  （用于要求对方重复所说的话）你说甚么来着，请再说一遍verb (came, come)
come and go 
■to exist or happen somewhere for a short time and then go away    来来去去；时有时无；忽隐忽现
The feeling of nausea comes and goes.   恶心的感觉时有时无。verb (came, come)
 come down on sb like a ton of bricks 
■to punish someone very quickly and severely    严惩（某人）
Do that once more and I'll come down on you like a ton of bricks!   你再做那种事，我会狠狠教训你的！verb (came, come)
come from behind 
■to succeed in winning after being in a losing position in a game 
  （比赛中）成功扭转劣势，后来居上
England came from behind to beat Scotland 2-1.   英格兰队后来居上，以2比1战胜了苏格兰队。verb (came, come)
Come off it! informal 
■used to tell someone that you do not believe what they are saying is true, or that you strongly disagree with them    谁信呢！得了吧！别胡说了！别瞎扯了！
Ask Simon to cook the meal? Come off it, he can hardly boil an egg!   叫西蒙去做饭？别瞎扯了，他连煮个鸡蛋都不会！verb (came, come)
come the sth disapproving 
■to pretend to be or feel something    假装…
Don't come the poor little innocent with me!   别跟我装出一副可怜无辜的样子！verb (came, come)
come to pass old use 
■to happen    发生
It came to pass that their love for each other grew and grew.   他们对彼此的爱与日俱增。verb (came, come)
come to your attention/notice 
■If something comes to your attention, you notice it    被（某人）注意到   


come 1	1. It has recently come to my attention that some of the younger boys are not using the toilets for the proper purpose.
 我最近注意到有些小男孩不把厕所用作正途。
verb (came, come)
come to that informal 
■in fact    实际上，事实上
"I owe you a fiver, don't I?" "Yes, and come to that, you never paid me back the other money I lent you."   “我欠你五块钱，是吗？”“没错，实际上，我以前借给你的钱你也从来没还过。”verb (came, come)
come what may 
■whatever happens    无论发生甚么事
I shall be there tonight come what may.   无论发生甚么事，我今晚都会去。
It's always good to know that, come what may, your job is safe.   不管怎样，你工作安全才是最好的消息。verb (came, come)
the days/week(s)/year(s) to come 
■the following or next days/week(s)/year(s)    接下来的几天／一（或几）周／一（或几）年
What are your plans for the year to come (= next year) ?   你明年有甚么计划？verb (came, come)
had it coming (to you) informal 
■If someone had it coming, something bad happened to them which they deserved    是（某人）应得的，活该
He's been sacked but, with all that time he took off, he had it coming really.   他被解雇了，不过他休假那么久了，这也真是活该。verb (came, come)
have sth coming out of your ears informal 
■to have more of something than you want or need    拥有的比想要或需要的多
He's going to have money coming out of his ears if this deal comes off.   如果这笔交易能做成，他就要发大财了。verb (came, come)
how come? informal 
■used to ask how or why something has happened    为甚么？怎么会？
So how come you missed the train?   你们怎么会错过了火车？
"We had to stop in Birmingham." "How come?"   “我们必须在伯明罕停留。”“为甚么？”verb (came, come)
 not know whether you are coming or going 
■to be in a very confused state    无所适从，不知该怎么办
I'm so busy, I don't know whether I'm coming or going.   我很忙，不知道该怎么办。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come about  ADVANCED  
■to happen, or start to happen    发生；产生；出现
How did the problem come about in the first place?   当初这个问题是怎么产生的？verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come across sth  ADVANCED  
■to find something by chance    偶然发现；碰见；无意中发现
He came across some of his old love letters in his wife's drawer.   他在妻子的抽屉里偶然翻到了他以前的一些情书。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come across 
BEHAVE  
■to behave in a way which makes people believe that you have a particular characteristic    表现得，让人觉得，给人以…印象
She comes across really well (= creates a positive image) on television.   她在电视上给人的印象真的很不错。
He comes across as a bit of a bore in interview.   采访中他表现得有点令人厌烦。
EXPRESS  
■If an idea or emotion comes across in writing, film, music or when someone is speaking, it is expressed clearly and people notice it 
  （作品、电影、音乐或讲话中思想或情绪）表达得清楚明白，被理解
What comes across in his later poetry is a great sense of sadness.   他后期的诗歌表露的是强烈的悲伤情绪。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come along 
ARRIVE  
 ADVANCED  
■to arrive or appear at a place    到达；出现
You go now and I'll come along later.   你现在走，我随后就到。
You wait half an hour for a bus, then three come along at once!   公车一等就是半个小时，然后一来就是三辆！
GO WITH SOMEONE  
 ADVANCED  
■to go somewhere with someone    跟随，一同去
We're going to the cinema. Do you want to come along?   我们要去看电影。你想一起去吗？
 ADVANCED  UK 
■used to tell someone to hurry 
  （用于催促）快，赶快
Come along - we don't want to be late!   快点——我们不想迟到！
EXIST  
■to start to exist    开始存在；出现；降临
I gave up climbing when my first child came along.   我的第一个小孩出生后我就不爬山了。
DEVELOP  
■If something is coming along, it is developing or improving    发展；进步
Hassan's English is really coming along.   哈桑的英语确实在进步。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come apart 
■to separate into several pieces    散开；散架；破裂
I picked up the book and it came apart in my hands.   我捡起书，书就散开了。
My boots are coming apart at the seams.   我的靴子开了口。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come around    US for 
■come round verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come at sb 
■to move towards someone in order to attack them    向（某人）逼近；扑向（某人）
He came at me with a knife.   他拿着刀向我冲来。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come away 
■If something comes away from something else, it becomes separated from it    掉下，脱落，脱离
I just opened the drawer as usual and the handle came away in my hand.   我像往常一样打开抽屉，结果把手就掉了下来。
The paper has started to come away from the walls.   墙上的壁纸开始脱落了。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come back 
RETURN  
 IMPROVER  
■to return to a place    回来，返回
I'll come back and pick you up in half an hour.   我半小时后回来接你。
We've just come back from Amsterdam.   我们刚从阿姆斯特丹回来。
FASHION  
 ADVANCED  
■If a style or a fashion comes back, it becomes popular again after being unpopular for a period of time    再度风行，重新流行
Padded shoulders are coming back, apparently.   显然，现在又流行垫肩了。
Long hair on men seems to be coming back into fashion.   男人留长发似乎又流行起来了。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come back to sb 
■If something comes back to you, you start to remember it 
  （某人）记起，（某人）想起
I can't think of her name - it'll come back to me later.   我想不起她叫甚么了——过一会儿我会想起来的。
It's all coming back to me!   我全想起来了！verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come before sth/sb 
IMPORTANCE  
■to be more important than, or to be treated as more important than, another thing or person    比…重要；优先于
My children will always come before my career.   我的孩子永远比我的事业重要。
COURT     legal 
■If a legal case comes before a court of law or a judge, it is dealt with by them, and when someone comes before a court or judge, they are present while their case is dealt with. 
  （案件）被提交…处理；（人）出庭verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come between sth 
■to stop someone from doing something that they like doing    阻止…做…，妨碍…做…
Nothing comes between Jim and his food.   甚么也不能妨碍吉姆吃东西。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come between sb 
■If something comes between two people, it harms their relationship    损害…之间的关系；挑拨，离间
Don't let one little quarrel come between you.   别让一次小小的口角影响你们的关系。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come by sth 
■to get something, using effort, by chance or in a way that has not been explained    得到；弄到；获得
Cheap organic food is still difficult to come by.   便宜的有机食品仍然很难买到。
I'd like to know how she came by that black eye.   我想知道她眼眶又青又肿是怎么弄的。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come by (somewhere) 
■to visit a place for a short time, often when you are going somewhere else 
  （对某地）作短暂拜访；（常指）顺道拜访
I'll come by (the office/your house) one day this week and we can have a chat.   这周哪一天我顺道去（办公室／你家），我们可以聊一聊。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come down 
LAND  
 ADVANCED  
■to fall and land on the ground    倒下；落下；降落
A lot of trees came down in the storm.   很多树在暴风雨中倒了。
■2. Our plane came down in a field.


come 2	 我们的飞机降落在一处农田里。
The snow came down during the night.   夜里下了雪。
LOWER LEVEL  
 ADVANCED  
■If a price or a level comes down, it becomes lower 
  （价格或水准）下降，降低
House prices have come down recently.   房价近来降了。
Inflation is coming down.   通货膨胀率在下降。
■informal 
■to feel less excited after a very enjoyable experience 
  （狂喜之后）平静下来
The whole weekend was so wonderful I haven't come down yet.   整个周末过得这么精彩，我到现在还没有平静下来。
SUPPORT     [+ adv/prep] 
■to decide that you support a particular person or side in an argument, etc.    决定支持
The government has come down on the side of military action.   政府决定支持采取军事行动的一方。
DRUGS     informal 
■If a person comes down from a drug, they stop feeling its effects.    感觉药效已过
UNIVERSITY     UK old-fashioned 
■If you come down (from a college or university, especially Oxford or Cambridge University), you leave your studies either permanently or for a short time. 
  （尤指从牛津大学或剑桥大学）离校，毕业
TRAVEL SOUTH  
■to go to a place which is south of where you live    南下
My boyfriend's coming down from Scotland this weekend.   这个周末我男朋友要从苏格兰来。
They don't come down to London much because it's too tiring with the kids.   他们不经常去伦敦，因为带着孩子太累人。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come down on sb/sth 
■to punish or criticize a person or activity very strongly    严厉处罚；斥责；训斥
They're coming down heavily on people for not paying their licence fees.   他们对不缴纳执照费的人处以重罚。
The authorities plan to come down hard on truancy in future.   当局计划将来严惩翘课者。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come down to sth 
■If a situation or decision comes down to something, that is the thing that influences it most    归结为，归根结底在于
What it all comes down to is your incredible insecurity.   归根结底，一切都在于你强烈的不安全感。
It all comes down to money in the end.   归根结底就是钱的问题。
[+ question word] Eventually our choice of hotel will come down to how much we can afford.   我们最终选择哪家饭店归根结底取决于我们能付得起多少钱。
■If a situation or problem comes down to something, it can be described or explained most simply in that way    归结为，一言以蔽之，简而言之
What the problem comes down to is 'Will the consumer be willing to pay more for a higher quality product?'   问题可归结为：消费者是否愿意花更多的钱购买更高品质的产品。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come down with sth 
■to start to suffer from an illness, especially one that is not serious    患上，染上（尤指小病）
I think I'm coming down with flu.   我想我染上流感了。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come forward 
■to offer to give help or information    站出来（主动提供帮助或资讯）
No witnesses to the accident have come forward yet, despite the police's appeal.   不管警方怎么呼吁，仍然没有事故的目击者站出来作证。
Nobody has yet come forward with any information relating to the girl's death.   还没有人站出来提供关于女孩之死的任何资料。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come from somewhere/sth  ESSENTIAL  
■to be born, got from, or made in a particular place    出生于；来自；出自；产自
She comes from Italy.   她是义大利人。
Some of the best wines come from France.   这些上等的葡萄酒中有些产自法国。
Does that quote come from Shakespeare?   那句话出自莎士比亚吗？
She could hear banging coming from the room upstairs.   她听到楼上的房间传来砰的响声。
Where will the money for the project come from?   企划案的资金从何而来？verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come from sth 
■to be caused by something    由…导致，是因为…的缘故
"I feel awful." "That comes from eating too much."   “我觉得很难受。”“那是因为吃得太多了。”verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come in 
ENTER  
 ESSENTIAL  
■to enter a room or building    进入（房间或大楼）
Do you want to come in for a cup of tea?   你想进来喝杯茶吗？
Hi, come in - lovely to see you!   嘿，快进来——见到你真高兴！
FASHION  
■If a fashion or product comes in, it becomes available or popular    面市；流行，时兴
Flared trousers first came in during the seventies.   喇叭裤最早出现于70年代。
come in handy/useful, etc. 
■to be useful for a particular purpose    有用，派上用场
Keep it, it might come in useful.   留着它，也许会有用。
His money will come in handy when I want to travel.   我想去旅游时，他的钱会派上用场的。
BE RECEIVED  
■When news or information comes in, it is received 
  （消息或资讯）传来，被收到
Reports are just coming in of a major oil spillage in the North Sea.   刚刚收到北海发生重大溢油事故的报道。
■If you have money coming in, you receive it as income 
  （钱）进帐
With Dave unemployed, we haven't got much money coming in at the moment.   戴夫失业了，我们目前没有多少收入。
BE INVOLVED     informal 
■to become involved in a situation, story or plan    卷入；参与
We need expert advice, and that's where you come in.   我们需要内行的意见，这正是用得着你的地方。
come in first/second, etc. 
■to finish a race in first, second, etc. position    获得第一名／第二名等
SEA  
■When the sea or the tide comes in, the water moves forwards to cover more of the beach.    涨潮，（潮水）上涨    Compare go out at goverb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come in for sth 
■to receive blame or criticism    受到，招致，遭到（责备或批评）
The director has come in for a lot of criticism over his handling of the affair.   在对这件事的处理上，主任遭到了大量的批评。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come into sth 
MONEY  
■If someone comes into money, property or a title, they receive it as a result of the death of a relation    继承（钱财、财产或头衔）
She came into a bit of money when her grandfather died.   祖父死后，她继承了一小笔钱。
INFLUENCE  
■If a particular emotion or quality comes into a situation, it influences that situation    对…产生影响
She married for money - love didn't come into it.   她结婚是为了钱——并不是因为爱情。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come of sth 
■to happen as a result of something    由于…而发生，是…的结果
Did anything come of all those job applications?   所有那些求职信有甚么结果吗？verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come off    informal 
■to happen as planned or to succeed    取得预期的效果；成功
There was some sort of property deal that didn't come off.   有笔房地产交易没有做成。
I tried telling a few jokes but they didn't come off (= no one laughed).   我试着讲了几个笑话，但没有奏效。
come off better/worse/badly/well 
■to finish in a particular condition after a fight, argument, etc., especially compared to someone else 
  （尤指与其他的相比）表现得更好／更糟／不好／不错
The smaller dog actually came off better, with only a few scratches.   那只小一点的狗实际上表现得更为出色，身上只有几处抓痕而已。
I always come off worse when we argue.   我们争吵时我总是处于下风。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come off sth 
STOP USING     mainly UK 
■If you come off medicine or drugs, you stop using them    停用（药物、毒品）
He's come off the tablets because they were making him dizzy.   因为那些药片让他昏昏欲睡，他停用了。
COMPLETE     US 
■to have recently finished a period of time when something very successful or very difficult happened    刚刚度过（非常成功或困难的时期）
The company was coming off one of its best years ever.   即将过去的一年是公司历史上最兴旺的好年景之一。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come on 
START  
 IMPROVER  
■to start to happen or work    开始发生；开始工作
The heating comes on at six in the morning.   早上六点开始供暖。
■If you have got an illness coming on, it is starting gradually    要患上（病）
I think I've got a cold coming on.   我觉得我要感冒了。
■UK informal 
■If a woman comes on, her period the blood coming from the womb that happens every month starts. 
  （女子）来月经
HURRY  
 IMPROVER  
■said to encourage someone to do something, especially to hurry or try harder, or to tell you something 
  （尤指催促、鼓励或让某人告知某事）快点，加油，快点说吧
Come on - we're going to be late if you don't hurry!   快点——再不抓紧时间我们就要迟到了！
Come on, Annabelle, you can tell me. I won't tell anyone.   快讲吧，安纳贝尔，你可以告诉我。我不会告诉任何人的。
SEXUAL INTEREST     informal 
■to make your sexual interest known to someone    表露出性兴趣；献殷勤；勾引
Then his wife left the room and he started coming on to me.   后来他妻子离开了房间，他就开始向我大献殷勤。
She was coming on strong and I, naturally, responded.   她表现得很殷勤，我自然要有所反应。
APPEAR


come 3	* to be seen on stage in a play, or in a scene in a film or television programme, or to be heard in a radio programme 
（在戏、电影或广播电视节目中）登台，出场，露面
There was great applause when the Russian ballerina came on.   那位俄罗斯芭蕾舞女演员出场时掌声雷动。
NOT BELIEVE     informal 
■used to tell someone that you do not believe them or that you disagree with them, or to show that you are angry with them 
  （用于表示不相信、不同意或生气）得了吧，算了吧，别逗了
Oh come on, Ian, you made the same excuse last week!   噢，得了吧，伊恩，上周你也是同样的借口！verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come on/along 
■to make progress    取得进步，获得进展
Your piano playing has really come on since I last heard you play.   你钢琴弹得比我上次听到的确实有了长进。
How's your English coming on?   你英语学得怎么样了？verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come out 
SOCIAL EVENT  
 ADVANCED  UK 
■to go somewhere with someone for a social event 
  （与某人）出去（参加社交活动）
Would you like to come out for a drink sometime?   找时间出来喝一杯好吗？
BE PUBLISHED  
 ADVANCED  
■If a book, record, film, etc. comes out, it becomes available for people to buy or see 
  （书、唱片、电影等）发行，出版，面市
When does their new album come out?   他们的新专辑甚么时候面市？
APPEAR  
■When the sun, moon or stars come out, they appear in the sky 
  （太阳、月亮或星星）出来，出现
The clouds finally parted and the sun came out.   云终于散去，太阳出来了。
BECOME KNOWN  
■If something comes out, it becomes known publicly after it has been kept secret    暴露；泄露
After her death, it came out that she'd lied about her age.   她死后人们发现她谎报了自己的年龄。
When the truth came out, there was public outrage.   真相揭露后，公众极为愤慨。
■If information or results come out, they are given to people 
  （资讯或结果）公布，揭晓
The exam results come out in August.   考试成绩八月份揭晓。
■to tell people that you are homosexual, often after a period of secrecy 
  （常指在保密了一段时期后）公开表明自己是同性恋；不再隐瞒自己是同性恋
RESULT     [+ adv/prep or adjective] 
■If you describe how something or someone comes out at the end of a process or activity, you say what condition they are in or what they have achieved    结果是
She came out of the divorce settlement a rich woman.   离婚财产分配使她变得富有。
These figures have come out wrong! I don't understand it.   得出的这些数字都错了！我搞不懂是怎么回事。
Your painting has come out really well.   你画的画真不错。
He hasn't exactly come out of the scandal with his reputation enhanced.   那桩丑闻过后，他的声誉实际上并没有得到提高。
BE REMOVED  
■If dirt or a mark comes out, it disappears from something when it is cleaned 
  （污渍或斑点）消失，被清除，被洗掉
Did the red wine stain come out?   红葡萄酒的污渍洗掉了吗？
PHOTO  
■If a photo or part of a photo comes out, the picture can be seen clearly    冲印出，冲洗
The photos didn't come out because the room was so dark.   因为房间里太暗，照片没有洗出来。
He's in the picture, but his face hasn't come out very clearly.   照片上有他，但他的脸照得不是很清楚。
GIVE OPINION     [+ adv/prep] 
■to express an opinion    表示，表明，发表意见
In the survey politicians came out overwhelmingly in favour of capital punishment.   在调查中，政治家一面倒地表示支持死刑。
Some of the members supported the changes, but the majority came out against.   成员中有的支援改革，但大多数表示反对。
BE SAID  
■If something you say comes out in a particular way, that is how you say it 
  （以某种方式）说出
I didn't mean to be rude - it just came out like that.   我不想无礼——只是话说得太直。
When I tried to tell her that I loved her it just came out all wrong.   我本想告诉她我爱她，可是话一出口就走了样。
STOP WORK     UK 
■If workers come out, they stop working because of a disagreement 
  （工人）罢工，停工
The postal workers have come out in support of their pay claim.   邮政人员罢工支持他们增加工资的要求。
OPEN  
■When flowers come out, they open 
  （花朵）绽放
Daffodils come out in spring.   水仙在春天开花。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come out in sth 
■If you come out in something, such as spots, they appear on your skin 
  （皮肤上）出现（斑点等）
This heat has made me come out in an itchy red rash.   热得我出了一片又红又痒的痱子。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come out of sth 
■If something comes out of a process or event, it is one of the results    从…中产生
I hope something good can come out of this mess.   我希望这一团糟中能出点好事。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come out with sth 
■to say something suddenly and unexpectedly 
  （突然）说出，提出，冒出
He comes out with the strangest things!   他会突然说些再奇怪不过的话！
She comes out with some good ideas though.   不过，她倒是会出一些好主意。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come over 
SEEM  
 IMPROVER  
■to seem to be a particular type of person    似乎是，表现为，显得像（某种人）
I watched the interview and felt he came over as quite arrogant.   我看了这段采访，感觉他似乎很傲慢。
MOVE  
■to come to a place, move from one place to another, or move towards someone    过来；（从一地）来到另一地；（向某人处）挪动
Come over here!   到这边来！
Are your family coming over from Greece for the wedding?   你的家人要从希腊赶来参加婚礼吗？
FEEL     [L only + adj] UK 
■to be influenced suddenly and unexpectedly by a strange feeling    突然感觉…
I stood up too quickly and came over all dizzy/faint/peculiar.   我快速站起来，突然感到一阵晕眩／头昏／异样。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come over sb 
■to influence someone suddenly to behave in a particular way    突然影响（某人）（使其表现失常）
I'm sorry! That was a stupid thing to say - I don't know what came over me.   对不起！我说了傻话——我不知道自己是怎么了。
humorous He gave you a present! What 's come over him?   他送了你一份礼物！他中甚么邪了？verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come round UK (US come around) 
VISIT  
 ADVANCED  
■to visit someone in their home 
  （到某人家）拜访，探访
Come round tonight and we'll watch a video.   今晚到我家来，我们看录像。
CHANGE YOUR MIND  
■to change your opinion of something, often influenced by another person's opinion 
  （常指在别人意见的影响下）想通，改变心态，改变观点
He'll come round to my point of view, given a bit of time.   只要再给他一点时间，他会同意我的观点的。
Do you still dislike your office, or have you come round to thinking it's all right?   你仍然不喜欢你的办公室呢，还是已经想通了，觉得它还不错？
HAPPEN  
■If an event that happens regularly comes round/around, it happens at its usual time 
  （定期发生的事件如往常一样）发生，来临
Christmas comes round so quickly!   圣诞节来得这么快！
BECOME CONSCIOUS  
■to become conscious again after an accident or operation 
  （事故或手术后）苏醒，恢复知觉
She hasn't come round from the anaesthetic yet.   她还没有从麻醉中苏醒过来。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come through 
INFORMATION  
■If a piece of information or a document comes through, you receive it 
  （资料或文件）传来
Have the test results come through yet?   测试结果出来了吗？
My visa still hasn't come through.   我的签证还没拿到。
EMOTION  
■If an emotion comes through, other people can notice it    流露出，显现出
His nervousness came through when he spoke.   他讲话的时候显得很紧张。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come through (sth) 
■to manage to get to the end of a difficult or dangerous situation    经受住，熬过，挺过（困境或险境）
We've had some hard times, but we've come through.   我们经历了一些艰难的岁月，不过我们挺过来了。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come to 
■to become conscious again after an accident or operation 
  （事故或手术后）苏醒，恢复知觉
Has he come to yet?   他苏醒过来了吗？verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come to sb 
■If a thought or idea comes to you, you suddenly remember or start to think about it 
  （想法或念头）在（某人）的头脑里冒出，突然被（某人）想起
I can't remember his name - it'll come to me in a minute.   我记不起他的名字了——过一会儿就会想起来的。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come to sth 
TOTAL  
 IMPROVER  
■to be a particular total when numbers or amounts are added together    合计，总共是
That comes to £25.   总共是25英镑。
REACH  
■to reach a particular point or state    达到（某一点或状态）
His hair comes right down to his shoulders.   他的头发长得都垂到了肩上。
He's tiny, he doesn't even come up to my chest!   他个子矮小，连我的胸口都不到！
And now I come to (= I will mention) my main point.   现在我要谈谈我的主要看法。
The war had just come to an end (= ended).   战争刚刚结束。   


come 4	5. The car spun off the road, turned over twice and came to rest (= stopped moving) in a field.
 汽车冲下公路，翻了两个筋斗，停在了一块田里。
We may have to sell the house, but I hope it won't come to that.   我们可能要卖掉房子，不过我希望不会落到那个地步。
come to nothing 
■If plans come to nothing, they fail 
  （计划）失败，毫无结果
So much effort and planning and it's all come to nothing.   费了那么大劲，花了那么多心思，却一无所获。
DECIDE  
■If you come to a decision, arrangement etc., you make a decision or decide what to think about something    作出（决定、安排等）
We haven't come to a decision on the matter yet.   这件事我们还没有定下来。
Have you come to any conclusions about the story yet?   你从这个故事中得出甚么结论了吗？verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come under sth 
EXPERIENCE  
■If you come under something, you are suddenly caused to experience or suffer it    突然体验，突然受到
Our armies have come under heavy bombardment.   我们的军队突然遭到猛烈炮击。
The government are coming under pressure to change the law.   政府遭受着修改法律的压力。
IN A BOOK  
■If a piece of information comes under a particular part of a list, book, or collection of things, you can find it in that part 
  （资讯）可在…之下查到，列在…下
Swimming pools usually come under 'leisure centres' in the telephone directory.   游泳池通常列在电话簿的“休闲中心”条目下。
IN AN ORGANIZATION  
■to be controlled or dealt with by an official organization or a particular part of it    归…管；由…处理
Playground guidelines come under the Department of Health and Safety.   游乐场管理准则由卫生与安全部负责制定。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come up 
MOVE TOWARDS  
 ADVANCED  
■to move towards someone    走进；接近
A young girl came up to me and asked for money.   一个小女孩走到我跟前，向我要钱。
BE MENTIONED  
 ADVANCED  
■to be mentioned or talked about in conversation    被提到；被讨论
What points came up at the meeting?   会上讨论了甚么问题？
APPEAR  
 ADVANCED  
■When the sun or moon comes up, it rises. 
  （太阳或月亮）升起
 ADVANCED  
■If information comes up on a computer screen, it appears there. 
  （资讯）出现，显现
BECOME AVAILABLE  
■If a job or opportunity comes up, it becomes available 
  （职位或机会）出现，来临
A position has come up in the accounts department.   财务部有个职位。
HAPPEN  
■to happen, usually unexpectedly 
  （通常指意外地）发生
I've got to go - something has just come up at home and I'm needed there.   我要走了——家里刚出了点事，需要我去。
be coming up 
■to be happening soon    就要发生，即将发生
My exams are coming up soon.   我很快就要参加考试了。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come up against sth 
■to have to deal with a problem    不得不面对，碰到，遇到
If you come up against difficulties, let me know and I'll help out.   要是你遇到困难，告诉我，我会帮忙的。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come up to sth 
■to reach the usual or necessary standard    达到（一般或必要的标准）
The essay didn't come up to his usual standards.   这篇文章有失他的水准。
The food didn't come up to my expectations.   饭菜没我期望的好。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come up with sth  ADVANCED  
■to suggest or think of an idea or plan    想出，提出（主意或计划）
She's come up with some amazing scheme to double her income.   她想出一个惊人的计划来使自己的收入增加一倍。verb (came, come)
  Phrasal Verbs   come upon sb/sth formal 
■to find something or meet someone unexpectedly    偶然发现；碰上，邂逅
I came upon this book in the attic - would you like it?   我偶然在阁楼里找到了这本书——你想要吗？verb (came, come)
  Common Learner Errors   come   Warning: Check your verb endings!   Many learners make mistakes when using come in the -ing form.   Don't write 'comming' or 'comeing', write coming.noun uncountable slang 
■semen (= the liquid containing sperm)    精液



★☆☆   comeback
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a successful attempt to get power, importance or fame again after a period of having lost it    复辟；复出；东山再起
She's trying to make a comeback with her first album for twenty years.   她想凭借自己20年来的第一张专辑东山再起。



★☆☆   comedian
—————————————————
 (female also comedienne) 
noun countable 
■a person whose job is to make people laugh by telling jokes and funny stories or by copying the behaviour or speech of famous people    喜剧演员；滑稽演员
a stand-up comedian   单人表演的喜剧演员



★☆☆   comedown
—————————————————
 informal 
noun only singular 
■a situation that is not as good as the one you were in before    衰落；落泊；败落；没落
These days he plays to audiences of a hundred or fewer which is a bit of a comedown after Wembley Stadium.   如今，看他打球的观众只有100位甚至更少，跟温布利球场的情景相比，真是有些落泊。



★☆☆   comedy
—————————————————
UK noun 
 IMPROVER  countable 
■a (type of) film, play or book which is intentionally funny either in its characters or its action    喜剧；喜剧片
His latest film is described as a 'romantic comedy'.   他的最新影片被描述为一部“浪漫喜剧”。
I prefer Shakespeare's comedies to his tragedies.   我喜欢莎士比亚的喜剧胜过他的悲剧。
uncountable 
■the humorous part of a situation    喜剧成分；好笑之处
The vicar's forgetting his lines in the middle of the speech provided some good comedy.   牧师讲到一半忘了词这件事提供了很不错的笑料。
comedy of manners 
■a type of comedy in which the social behaviour of a particular group of people is made to appear silly    （讽刺某一群体的）风俗喜剧



★☆☆   come-hither
—————————————————
UK US old-fashioned informal 
adjective [before noun] 
■describes a way of looking at someone that shows you are sexually interested in them    挑逗的，勾引的
come-hither eyes   挑逗的眼神



★☆☆   comely
—————————————————
 old-fashioned or literary 
adjective 
■describes a woman who is attractive in appearance 
  （女子）秀丽的，清秀的，标致的



★☆☆   come-on
—————————————————
UK US  mainly US informal 
noun countable 
■a remark that shows someone that you are sexually interested in them    勾引（或引诱）的话
He was giving me the come-on.   他勾引我。
■something which someone who is selling a product uses to interest a customer 
  （招揽生意的）诱饵，促销品，赠品



★☆☆   come-on line 
—————————————————
noun countable    US for 
■chat-up line 



★☆☆   comestibles
—————————————————
 formal 
plural noun 
■things which are to be eaten    食物，食品



★☆☆   comet
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an object that moves around the sun, usually at a great distance from it, that is seen on rare occasions from Earth as a bright line in the sky    彗星



★☆☆   come-uppance
—————————————————
 [k&#x259;'m&#x28C;p-] informal humorous 
noun only singular 
■a person's bad luck that is considered to be a fair and deserved punishment for something bad that they have done    应得的惩罚，报应
She'll get her come-uppance.   她会得到报应的。



★☆☆   comfort
—————————————————
UK noun 
 IMPROVER  uncountable 
■a pleasant feeling of being relaxed and free from pain    舒适；舒服
She evidently dresses for comfort.   显然，她穿着讲究舒适。
It's a little too hot for comfort.   热得有点不舒服。
Now you can watch the latest films in the comfort of your own room.   现在你可以在自己的房间里舒舒服服地观看最新影片。
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable 
■when you feel better after feeling sad or worried, or something that makes you feel better in this way    安慰，慰藉，宽慰；使人感到宽慰的事物
The letters that people wrote after his death gave me a lot of comfort.   他去世后人们写来的信给了我极大的安慰。
It's some comfort to his wife (= It makes her feel less sad) to know that he died instantly and didn't suffer.   对于他妻子来说，得知他很快就去了而且又没有受苦，也算是一种安慰。
I've got to take an exam too, if it's any comfort (= if it makes you feel better to know that we share the same problem or bad luck).   就算是点安慰吧，我也要参加考试。
I know she goes out a lot at night, but I draw/take comfort from the fact that she's always with friends.   我知道她夜里经常出去，不过让我感到宽慰的是她总是与朋友在一起。
He's a great comfort to his mother.   他是母亲的莫大慰藉。
 IMPROVER  uncountable 
■when you have a pleasant life with enough money for everything that you need    富足；小康；安逸
He could retire now and live in comfort for the rest of his life.   他现在可以退休安享晚年了。
 IMPROVER  countable usually plural 
■something that makes your life easy and pleasant    令人舒适愉悦的事物；舒适的设施（或条件）
After the trip, it was nice getting back to a few home comforts.   旅行后，回来享受家里舒适的生活真是惬意。
She's always liked her creature comforts (= the type of pleasure found in the house, for example warmth, food, etc.).   她一贯喜欢自己家里的舒适环境。UK verb transitive 
■to make someone feel better when they are sad or worried    安慰，抚慰，宽慰
The girl's mother was at home today, being comforted by relatives.   女孩的母亲今天在家，有亲戚在安慰她。



★☆☆   comfortable
—————————————————
UK adjective 
CLOTHES/FURNITURE  衣服／家俱  
 ESSENTIAL  
■describes furniture and clothes that provide a pleasant feeling and that do not give you any physical problems 
  （家俱和衣服）舒适的，舒服的，令人惬意的
a comfortable bed/sofa   舒适的床／沙发
comfortable shoes/trousers   舒服的鞋子／裤子UK adjective 
PHYSICALLY OKAY  舒坦的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■relaxed and free from pain    舒服的；舒坦的；轻松自在的
Are you comfortable or shall I turn the heat down?   你觉得舒服吗？还是要我把暖气调低点？
I don't feel comfortable in high heels.   穿高跟鞋我觉得不舒服。
Do sit down and make your self comfortable.   请坐，别拘束。
■describes an ill or injured person in hospital who is not feeling too much pain 
  （医院的病人或伤者）感觉不太痛的UK adjective 
NO PROBLEMS  放心的  
■If you are comfortable with a situation, you are not worried about it    放心的，安心的；欣慰的
I'm not comfortable with the idea of leaving her on her own.   要把她一个人留下来，我可不放心。UK adjective 
ENOUGH MONEY  富足的  
■having enough money for a good standard of living 
  （生活）舒适的，安逸的，富足的
They're not fabulously rich or anything, but they're quite comfortable.   他们算不上特别富有，但还算富足。UK adjective 
EASY WIN  轻易取胜  
■If you win a game or competition by a comfortable amount, you win easily 
  （在比赛中）轻松的，轻而易举的
a comfortable lead/victory   轻松领先／取胜UK adjective 
  Common Learner Errors   comfortable   Warning: Check your spelling!   Comfortable is one of the 50 words most often spelled wrongly by learners.   Remember: the correct spelling has 'm', and not 'n'.



★☆☆   comfortably
—————————————————
adverb 
■in a comfortable way    舒服地；舒适地
Are you sitting comfortably? Then I'll begin.   你们坐好了吗？那我就开始了。
■without financial or other problems    富足地；安逸地
We could live fairly comfortably on Edward's salary.   我们靠爱德华的薪水可以过得相当宽裕。
comfortably off 
■having enough money to lead a good life    富裕的，宽裕的，富足的



★☆☆   comfort break
—————————————————
(^comfort _stop) UK 
noun countable 
■a short pause in a meeting to allow people to go to a toilet 
  （会议当中让人上厕所的）短暂休息
Shall we have a comfort break?   我们休息一下好吗？



★☆☆   comfort eat 
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
■to eat because you are feeling worried or upset and not because you are hungry    为了寻求安慰而吃



★☆☆   comforter
—————————————————
UK US US (UK duvet) 
noun countable 
■a large soft flat bag filled with feathers or artificial material used on a bed 
  （大的）羽绒被；盖被



★☆☆   comfort food 
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■the type of food which people eat when they are sad or worried, often sweet food or food that people ate as children 
  （难过或焦虑时食用的）安慰食品，开心食品



★☆☆   comforting
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■making you feel less sad or worried    令人安慰的，使人宽慰的
I found her words very comforting.   我觉得她的话让人倍感宽慰。
Hot soup is very comforting on a cold winter's day.   冬季大冷天喝热汤浑身都感到很暖和。



★☆☆   comfortingly
—————————————————
UK adverb 
■in a way that makes you feel less sad or worried    令人安慰地，使人宽慰地
"It'll be all right, " she said comfortingly.   “一切都会好的，”她宽慰地说。



★☆☆   comfortless
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
adjective 
■without anything that gives physical comfort    没有舒适设施的；不舒适的



★☆☆   comfort station
—————————————————
 US old-fashioned 
noun countable 
■a public toilet    公厕



★☆☆   comfort stop
—————————————————
 UK 
noun countable 
■a short pause in a journey to allow passengers to go to a toilet 
  （长途旅程中让人上厕所的）短暂停歇



★☆☆   comfort zone 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a situation in which you feel comfortable and in which your ability and determination are not being tested    舒适区（指让人感到舒服而不费力气的状况）
Rock climbing pushes many people beyond their comfort zones.   攀岩运动对许多人来说是对能力与毅力的考验。



★☆☆   comfy
—————————————————
adjective    informal for 
■comfortable 
a comfy chair   舒适的椅子



★☆☆   comic
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■making you want to laugh; funny    滑稽的，好笑的；有趣的
a comic actor/performance   滑稽演员／表演UK noun countable 
MAGAZINE  杂志     (US also comic book) 
■a magazine, especially for children, which contains a set of stories told in pictures with a small amount of writing 
  （尤指以儿童为对象的）连环画杂志，漫画杂志UK noun countable 
PERSON  人  
■someone who entertains people by telling jokes    逗笑的人；喜剧演员，滑稽演员



★☆☆   comical
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■funny in a strange or silly way    古怪可笑的；滑稽的
He looked so comical in that hat.   他戴着那顶帽子看上去真滑稽。



★☆☆   comic opera 
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a play that is humorous and in which there is a lot of music and singing    滑稽歌剧



★☆☆   comic strip
—————————————————
(also cartoon strip) 
noun countable 
■a short series of funny drawings with a small amount of writing which is usually published in a newspaper 
  （通常刊登在报纸上的）连环漫画



★☆☆   coming
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
■happening soon    即将来临的，就要发生的
We look forward to greater success in the coming year.   我们期望来年取得更大的成功。
I'll be back this coming Friday.   我这个星期五就回来。



★☆☆   coming of age 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■Someone's coming of age is the time when they legally become an adult and are old enough to vote.    成年（年满法定年龄，享有选举权）
■the time when something starts to become successful    某事开始成功之时
the coming of age of democracy in the country   国家民主的日臻完善



★☆☆   comings
—————————————————
plural noun 
the comings and goings 
■the movements of people arriving at places and leaving places    来来往往，进进出出
I sometimes just look out the window and watch the comings and goings of everyone in the street.   有时我就往窗外看，观察大街上来来往往的人群。



★☆☆   comity of nations
—————————————————
UK US  legal 
noun uncountable 
■the friendship and respect between countries shown by accepting each other's laws, political systems and customs    国际礼让（国家间的友谊和尊重，表现为接受彼此的法律、政治体系以及风俗习惯）



★☆☆   comma
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■the (,) punctuation mark that is used in writing to separate parts of a sentence showing a slight pause, or to separate the single things in a list    逗号（，）



★☆☆   Command
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a group of soldiers or an area controlled by a commander    部队；兵团；军区
Western Command   西部军区



★☆☆   command
—————————————————
UK noun 
ORDER  命令  
 ADVANCED  countable 
■an order, especially one given by a soldier 
  （尤指军人发出的）命令，指示
You will run forward at (= when you hear) my command.   听到我的命令你们就向前冲。
When I give the command, fire!   我一下命令就开火！
He hated being in the army because he had to obey commands.   他讨厌当兵，因为当兵必须服从命令。
uncountable 
■control over someone or something and responsibility for them    指挥；控制；管辖
Colonel Sailing has command over /is in command of the Guards Regiment.   赛林上校统率着近卫团。
General Haig took command of the British Expeditionary Force in 1915.   黑格将军在1915年统领英国远征军。
The soldiers were under the command of a tough sergeant-major.   士兵由一位严厉的军士长指挥。UK noun 
COMPUTER  电脑  
countable 
■an instruction to a computer to perform a particular action    指令UK noun 
KNOWLEDGE  知识  
[S or U] 
■a great knowledge of a subject and an ability to use that knowledge 
  （对知识的）掌握，运用能力
She has an impressive command of the English language.   她精通英语。UK noun 
VIEW  景色  
only singular formal 
■a view    景色，风景
a fine castle with its command of the surrounding countryside   可饱览四周乡间景致的漂亮城堡UK noun 
at your command 
■If you have particular qualities at your command, you are able to use them effectively    娴熟，得心应手，运用自如
As a writer, she has both style and humour at her command.   作为一名作家，她对文风和幽默都能运用自如。    humorous 
■If someone says that they are at your command, they mean they are willing to do what you ask    听从（某人）吩咐，任由（某人）安排
"I can't reach my zip - could you unfasten it, please?" "I'm at your command!"   “我触不到我的拉链——请你帮我拉开好吗？”“遵命！”UK noun 
be in command (of yourself) 
■to be calm and completely in control of your behaviour and emotions    镇定自若
Suntanned and relaxed, looking calmly about the room, he appeared completely in command.   他皮肤晒得黑黑的，神态悠闲，镇定地环视房间，显得胸有成竹。UK verb 
ORDER  命令  
 ADVANCED  intransitive or transitive 
■to give someone an order    命令，指示
[+ to infinitive] The officer commanded his men to shoot.   军官命令他的手下射击。
[+ that] He commanded that the troops (should) cross the water.   他命令部队度河。
intransitive or transitive 
■to control someone or something and tell them what to do    指挥；统率；管辖
Colonel Sailing commands the Guards Regiment.   赛林上校统率着近卫团。
transitive 
■to deserve and get something good, such as attention, respect, or a lot of money    应得，值得
She was one of those teachers who just commanded respect.   她是那些值得尊敬的老师中的一位。
She commands one of the highest fees per film in Hollywood.   她是好莱坞片酬最高的演员之一。UK verb 
VIEW  景色  
transitive formal 
■to give a view    呈现，可看到
The master bedroom commands a view of rolling green hills.   从主卧室望去，绵延起伏的青山一览无遗。



★☆☆   commandant
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an officer who is in charge of a military organization or building, such as a prison for soldiers used during a war    指挥官，司令官



★☆☆   commandeer
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to take possession of or control private property by force or for military use    霸占；强征；征用



★☆☆   commander
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■an officer who is in charge of a military operation, or an officer of a particular rank in the British Royal Navy    指挥官，长官；（英国皇家海军的）中校



★☆☆   commander-in-chief
—————————————————
UK US (abbreviation C-in-C) 
noun countable 
■a commander in charge of all the armed forces of a country or of all the forces fighting in a particular area or operation 
  （一国的）最高统帅，武装部队总司令；（特定地区或行动的）总司令，总指挥



★☆☆   commanding
—————————————————
UK adjective 
WITH AUTHORITY  有权力的  
[before noun] 
■having the authority to give orders    指挥的，统帅的，负责下命令的
a commanding officer   指挥官
■describes a voice or manner which seems to have authority and therefore demands your attention 
  （声音或举止）威严的
his commanding presence   他的威严气度UK adjective 
STRONG POSITION  有利地位  
[before noun] 
■in a very successful position and likely to win or succeed    处于（有望取胜或成功的）有利地位的
He has a commanding lead in the championships.   他在锦标赛中遥遥领先。UK adjective 
a commanding position/view formal 
■a position or view from which a lot of land can be seen    居高临下的位置／开阔的视野
The house occupies a commanding position at the top of the valley.   这所房子位于山谷顶上一个居高临下的位置。



★☆☆   commandment
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■any of the ten very important rules of behaviour which are stated in the Old Testament (= first part) of the Bible 
  （《圣经‧旧约》十诫中的）诫条
literary 
■an order    命令，指示



★☆☆   command module 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the part of particular types of spacecraft in which the people live and in which they return to Earth    指挥舱（太空船里的一部分，太空人生活其中，并乘其返回地球）



★☆☆   commando
—————————————————
UK  US  US (plural commandos or commandoes)
noun countable 
go commando informal 
■to not wear any underwear    不穿内衣



★☆☆   command performance 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a special performance of a play or film which is given because a royal or very important person has requested it    奉命专场演出；御前演出



★☆☆   comme il faut
—————————————————
UK  US formal 
adjective [after verb] 
■behaving or dressing in the right way in public according to formal rules of social behaviour    适当的，合乎礼仪的
Trust me - it's not comme il faut to wear a pink tie to a funeral.   相信我——系粉红色领带参加葬礼不合适。



★☆☆   commemorate
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to remember officially and give respect to a great person or event, especially by a public ceremony or by making a statue or special building 
  （尤指举行公开仪式或竖立雕塑或特别建筑）纪念，缅怀
Gathered all together in this church, we commemorate those who lost their lives in the great war.   我们聚集在这座教堂里，缅怀那些在大战中丧生的人。
A statue has been built to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the poet's birthday.   为纪念诗人百年诞辰建起了一尊雕像。



★☆☆   commemoration
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■something which is done to remember officially and give respect to a great person or event    纪念；纪念活动
A set of stamps has been commissioned in commemoration of Independence Day.   为纪念独立日特别制作了一套邮票。
Thousands of veterans will take part in a commemoration of the battle.   数千名老兵将参加战争纪念活动。



★☆☆   commence
—————————————————
 formal 
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to begin something    开始；着手
We will commence building work in August of next year.   我们将于明年八月开始破土动工。
Shall we let the meeting commence, gentlemen?   各位先生，我们开始会议，好吗？
[+ -ing verb] Unfortunately, he commenced speaking before all the guests had finished eating.   遗憾的是，没等所有客人都吃完，他就开始讲话了。



★☆☆   commencement
—————————————————
noun 
countable or uncountable formal 
■the beginning of something    开始；开端
Would passengers please put out cigarettes before the commencement of the flight.   请各位乘客在飞机起飞前熄灭香烟。
countable US 
■a ceremony at which students formally receive their degrees (= university qualifications)    学位颁授典礼；毕业典礼



★☆☆   commend
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to formally praise someone or something    赞扬，称赞，表彰
The judge commended her for/on her bravery.   法官称赞了她的勇敢。
For a low-budget film, it has much to commend it (= it deserves praise).   作为一部低预算影片，它有不少值得称道之处。
It says on the back cover of the book ' highly commended'.   书的封底上写著「极力推荐”。



★☆☆   commendable
—————————————————
 formal 
adjective 
■deserving praise    值得赞扬的；值得推崇的
commendable efforts/behaviour/bravery   值得称道的努力／行为／无畏精神



★☆☆   commendation
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable    formal 
■praise, or an official statement which praises someone    赞扬，称赞，表彰；嘉奖
Several of the firefighters received commendation for their bravery.   数位消防人员因表现英勇而受到了表彰。
countable 
■an honour such as a prize given to someone because they have done something that people admire    奖品，奖励，嘉奖，表彰　
He was very proud when his daughter received a commendation for her achievement.   他的女儿因成就杰出获得了嘉奖，他为此感到无比自豪。



★☆☆   commensalism
—————————————————
noun uncountable specialized 
■a relationship between two species in which one gets an advantage from living closely with the other and the other is not affected by it    片利共生（共栖）（两物种之间的共生关系，在此关系中一个受益而另一个不受影响）



★☆☆   commensurate
—————————————————
UK US formal 
adjective 
■in a correct and suitable amount compared to something else    相当的，相称的
a salary that is commensurate with skills and experience   与技能和经验相称的薪水



★☆☆   comment
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■something that you say or write that expresses your opinion    评论；意见；评价；评语
I don't want any comments on/about my new haircut, thank you!   我不想听到谁对我的新发型说三道四，谢谢各位了！
He made negative comments to the press.   他向报界作了些负面的评论。
I suppose his criticism was fair comment (= a reasonable opinion).   我认为他的批评合乎情理。
She was asked about the pay increase but made no comment (= did not give an opinion).   有人问她关于加薪的事，但她拒绝评论。
No comment. 
■used to say that you do not want to answer someone's question    无可奉告。UK verb intransitive or transitive 
 ESSENTIAL  
■to make a comment    评论；议论；发表意见
My mum always comments on what I'm wearing.   我妈妈总是对我的衣着指指点点。
[+ that] He commented that the two essays were rather similar.   他评论说两篇文章颇为相似。
The official refused to/declined to comment on the matter.   那位官员拒绝对此事发表意见。



★☆☆   commentary
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■a spoken description of an event on the radio or television that is broadcast as the event happens 
  （广播或电视所播事件的）评论，解说，实况报道
The commentary on the Olympic games was much better on the other channel.   另一个频道对奥运比赛的实况报道好多了。
■a set of written remarks on an event, book or person which explains its subject or expresses an opinion on it    评论；评注；评述
There's a good arts coverage in the newspaper, but not much political commentary.   报纸上有很多艺术方面的报道，可是政治时事评述却不多。
running commentary 
■(a) continuous description of events as they are happening    实况追踪报道，现场评述



★☆☆   commentary box 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a room or place for a radio or television reporter at a special event, especially a sports competition, from which they report what is happening 
  （尤指体育比赛的）演播室，评论席
Let's return now to the commentary box to see what's happening in this exciting final.   现在让我们回到演播室，看看这场精彩的决赛。



★☆☆   commentator
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a reporter for radio or television who provides a spoken description of and remarks on an event, especially a sports competition, as it happens 
  （广播或电视的）解说员，评论员
a radio commentator   电台解说员
a sports/football commentator.   体育节目／足球评述员



★☆☆   commerce
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
 IMPROVER  
■the activities involved in buying and selling things    商业；商务；贸易；交易
the world of commerce and industry   工商界



★☆☆   commercial
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 IMPROVER  
■related to buying and selling things    商业的；商务的；贸易的
a commercial organization/venture/success   商业组织／企业／成功
commercial law   商法
The commercial future of the company looks very promising.   这家公司的商业前景看起来非常光明。
■disapproving 
■describes a record, film, book, etc. that has been produced with the aim of making money and as a result has little artistic value 
  （唱片、电影、书等）商业化的，以营利为目的的
[before noun] 
■describes a product that can be bought by or is intended to be bought by the general public 
  （产品）商品化的UK adjective 
[before noun] 
■describes radio or television that is paid for by advertisements which are broadcast between and during programmes 
  （广播或电视）商业性的，靠广告收入维持的UK noun countable 
■an advertisement which is broadcast on television or radio 
  （电视或广播里的）商业广告
a commercial break   插播广告



★☆☆   commercialism
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the principles and activity of commerce , especially those connected with profit and not quality or morals    商业主义；重商主义；利润第一主义



★☆☆   commercialize
—————————————————
(UK usually commercialise) UK verb transitive usually passive 
■to organize something to make a profit    使商业化，使商品化；从…中赚钱



★☆☆   commie
—————————————————
UK noun countable adjective    informal disapproving for 
■communist 



★☆☆   commiserate
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
■to express sympathy to someone about some bad luck    表示同情（或怜悯）
I began by commiserating with her over the defeat.   我首先对她的失败表示同情。



★☆☆   commiseration
—————————————————
noun 
commiserations [plural] 
■an expression of sympathy for someone, especially someone who has lost a competition 
  （尤指对比赛失利者的）同情，惋惜
Commiserations on losing the match!   这场比赛输得真可惜！
Our commiserations to the losing side!   对落败一方我们表示同情！
uncountable 
■a feeling or expression of sympathy for someone about some bad luck    表示同情（或怜悯）
She gave me a look of commiseration as I entered the room.   我进入房间时，她同情地看了我一眼。



★☆☆   commissar
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■(in the Soviet Union until 1946) the official title of the head of a government department, or an official responsible for political education, especially in a military group 
  （1946年以前苏联政府部门的）人民委员；（尤指军队中的）政治委员



★☆☆   commissariat
—————————————————
UK noun countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a military department which supplies food and equipment 
  （部队的）军需处



★☆☆   commissary
—————————————————
UK US  US 
noun countable 
■a shop which supplies food and goods, especially to people in the army or in prison 
  （尤指军队或监狱中的）食品杂货店



★☆☆   commission
—————————————————
verb 
WORK  工作  
 ADVANCED  transitive 
■to formally choose someone to do a special piece of work 
  （正式地）安排（某人）做，委托（某人）做
The newspaper commissioned a series of articles on the worst excesses of the fashion industry.   报社请人撰写了一系列针砭时装界放肆行为的文章。verb 
MILITARY  军事的  
transitive usually passive 
■to give someone the official authority to be an officer in the armed forces    委任（或任命）…为军官
Grandfather was commissioned as Group Captain in the RAF just before the war.   就在战争爆发前夕祖父获任命为皇家空军上校。noun 
GROUP  团体  
 ADVANCED  countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a group of people who have been formally chosen to discover information about a problem or examine the reasons why the problem exists 
  （负责调查问题真相或原因的）委员会
a commission on alcohol abuse/racial tension   酗酒问题／种族间紧张关系调查委员会
The government have set up / established a commission to investigate the problem of inner city violence.   政府设立了专门委员会来调查市中心区的暴力问题。noun 
PAYMENT  报酬  
countable or uncountable 
■a (system of) payment to someone who sells goods which is directly related to the amount of goods sold    佣金；回扣
Is she paid a regular wage or is it on/by commission only?   她拿正式工资还是只拿佣金？
She gets a 15% commission on every machine she sells.   她每卖出一台机器就拿15%的佣金。noun 
WORK  工作  
countable 
■a request to do a special piece of work    委托；请求
[+ to infinitive] She's just got a commission to paint Sir Ellis Pike's wife.   她刚刚受托为艾理斯‧派克爵士的夫人画像。
Do you do/take commissions?   你接受委托吗？noun 
CRIME  罪行  
uncountable formal or legal 
■the act of committing a crime    犯罪
the commission of the crime/offence/murder   犯罪／犯法／犯杀人罪noun 
MILITARY  军事的  
countable 
■the official authority to be an officer in the armed forces    军官的职务（或职权）noun 
in commission 
■If something, such as a machine or a military ship, is in commission it is working and ready for use. 
  （机器、军舰等）在使用中的，在服役的noun 
out of commission 
■If something, such as a machine or a military ship, is out of commission it is broken or not available to be used. 
  （机器、军舰等）坏了的，不可使用的，退役的



★☆☆   commissionaire
—————————————————
UK US  mainly UK 
noun countable 
■a person wearing a uniform who stands at the entrance of a hotel, theatre, etc. and whose job is to open the door for guests and generally be helpful to them when they arrive 
  （旅馆、剧院等门口穿制服的）看门人，门童



★☆☆   commissioned officer 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a type of officer in the armed forces    军官
⇨ See also NCO



★☆☆   commissioner
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an important official who has responsibility in a government department or another organization 
  （政府部门或某一组织的）委员，专员，特派员，长官
There is a commissioner in charge of the London police force.   有一位长官负责领导伦敦的员警队伍。



★☆☆   commit
—————————————————
verb (-tt-)
CRIME  罪行  
 IMPROVER  transitive 
■to do something illegal or something that is considered wrong    做（违法或错误的事）；犯（罪、错）
He was sent to prison for a crime that he didn't commit.   他蒙冤入狱。
to commit adultery/murder   犯通奸罪／杀人罪
to commit an offence   犯法verb (-tt-)
PROMISE  承诺  
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■to promise or give your loyalty, time or money to a particular principle, person or plan of action    承诺，保证；（使）忠于；（使）致力于；投入（时间或金钱）
[R] Like so many men, he has problems committing himself to a relationship.   像许多男人一样，他也有用情不专的问题。
The government must commit itself to improving health care.   政府必须致力改善医疗保健服务。
Once we have committed to this course of action there is no going back.   一旦我们承诺采取这个行动，就没有回头路。
commit yourself 
■to express an opinion or to make a decision that you tell people about    表态；决定
I think I can come but I won't commit myself till I know for sure.   我想我能来，但在确定之前我不能保证。
commit sth to memory 
■to make certain that you remember something    牢记
commit sth to paper 
■to write something down    写下，记下
Perhaps we should commit these ideas to paper before we forget them.   也许我们应该把这些想法写在纸上，免得忘记。verb (-tt-)
SEND  送  
transitive formal 
■to send someone officially to prison or hospital 
  （正式地）将…送进（监狱或医院）
He's been committed to prison for fraud.   他因诈骗而锒铛入狱。verb (-tt-)
commit suicide 
■If a person commits suicide, they kill themselves.    自杀verb (-tt-)
  Common Learner Errors   commit   Warning: Check your verb endings!   Many learners make mistakes when using commit in the past tense.   The past simple and past participle have 'tt'. Don't write 'comited', write committed.   The -ing form is committing.



★☆☆   commitment
—————————————————
noun 
 ESSENTIAL  countable or uncountable 
■when you are willing to give your time and energy to something that you believe in, or a promise or firm decision to do something    忠诚；投入；奉献；承诺，保证，诺言
her commitment to left-wing politics/the cause of feminism/the company   她对左翼政治／女权主义事业／公司的奉献
She is known chiefly for her commitment to nuclear disarmament.   她主要以全力支持核裁军运动而闻名。
I'd like to thank the staff for having shown such commitment.   我要对全体员工作出的巨大奉献表示感谢。
Try the product out in the comfort of your own home with absolutely no commitment to buy!   可在家随意试用本产品且根本无须购买！
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■something that you must do or deal with that takes your time    必须做（或处理）的事情
family/work commitments   家庭义务／工作任务
I've got too many commitments at the moment to do an evening class.   我眼下要做的事情太多，没时间晚上上课。
Children are such a commitment.   照顾孩子真费精力。



★☆☆   committal
—————————————————
UK US specialized 
noun uncountable 
■the process of sending someone to a prison or mental hospital    收监；送入精神病院
The psychiatric team decided that committal would not be beneficial in her case.   精神病专家小组判定，以她的情况将她送入精神病院没有益处。



★☆☆   committed
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■loyal and willing to give your time and energy to something that you believe in    忠诚的；坚定的；尽忠职守的
a committed socialist/Christian/teacher   坚定的社会主义者／虔诚的基督徒／尽忠职守的老师
 ADVANCED  [after verb] 
■having promised to be involved in a plan of action    承诺过的，允诺过的
We are committed to withdrawing our troops by the end of the year.   我们承诺将于年底前撤军。



★☆☆   committee
—————————————————
UK noun countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a small group of people chosen to represent a larger organization and either make decisions or collect information for it 
  （代表较大的组织决策或搜集资讯的）委员会
She sits on/is on the school's development committee.   她是学校发展委员会的成员。
The local council have just set up a committee to study recycling.   当地市政会刚刚成立了一个研究资源再利用问题的委员会。
a committee meeting   委员会会议UK noun countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
  Common Learner Errors   committee   Warning: Check your spelling!   Committee is one of the 50 words most often spelled wrongly by learners.   Remember: the correct spelling has 'mm', 'tt' and 'ee'.



★☆☆   commode
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a piece of furniture that looks like a chair but has a container in the seat which people who are ill or old can use as a toilet 
  （病人或老人使用的）座椅式便桶



★☆☆   commodious
—————————————————
UK US formal 
adjective 
■describes a room or house that has a lot of space 
  （房间或房子）宽敞的，大的



★☆☆   commodity
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a substance or product that can be traded, bought or sold    商品，货物
The country's most valuable commodities include tin and diamonds.   该国最有价值的商品包括锡和钻石。
the international commodities market   国际商品市场
■a valuable quality    宝贵素质
If you're going into teaching, energy is a necessary commodity.   如果你要当教师这一行，就必须有充沛的精力。



★☆☆   commodore
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an officer of high rank in the navy, or the person in charge of a sailing organization    海军准将；船队队长



★☆☆   common
—————————————————
UK adjective 
USUAL  寻常的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■the same in a lot of places or for a lot of people    常见的；经常的；普遍的；普通的；平常的
It's quite common to see couples who dress alike.   夫妻衣著相似是司空见惯的事情。
The surname 'Smith' is very common in Britain.   “史密斯”是英国很常见的姓氏。
common courtesy/decency 
■the basic level of politeness which you expect from someone    基本的礼节
common knowledge 
■a fact that everyone knows    常识；众所周知的事
[+ that] It's common knowledge that they live together.   他们住在一起，这件事人尽皆知。
  Common Learner Errors   common or ordinary?   Warning: common is used disapprovingly to talk about people and things that are from a low social class.   To say that people or things are not different, special or unexpected in any way, don't use 'common', use ordinary :
✗ The programme shows how common Romanians live today.   The programme shows how ordinary Romanians live today.UK adjective 
SHARED  共有的  
 IMPROVER  
■belonging to or shared by two or more people or things    共同的；共有的
a common goal/interest   共同的目标／兴趣
English has some features common to many languages.   英语的一些特点是许多语言所共有的。
⇨ See also common ground
for the common good 
■If something is done for the common good, it is done to help everyone.    为了公众的利益
make common cause with sb formal 
■to act together with someone in order to achieve something    为共同的事业与（某人）合作
Environment protesters have made common cause with local people to stop the motorway being built.   环境抗议者与当地人联合起来共同阻止修建高速公路。UK adjective 
LOW CLASS  低等级     disapproving 
■typical of a low social class    低级的；粗俗的
My mum thinks dyed blonde hair is a bit common.   我妈妈认为染出来的金发有点俗气。UK adjective 
the common man 
■ordinary people    平民百姓，普通人，凡人
How can anyone so privileged have any understanding of the common man?   享受如此特权的人怎么会理解平民老百姓呢？UK adjective 
the common touch 
■the ability of an important or rich person to communicate well with and understand ordinary people 
  （重要人物或有钱人的）平易近人的个性，亲民作风
It was always said of the Princess that she had the common touch and that was why she was so well loved by the people.   人人都说王妃平易近人，也正是因为这一点她才会如此深受民众的爱戴。UK noun 
LAND  土地  
countable (US also commons) 
■an area of grass which everyone is allowed to use, usually in or near a village 
  （通常在村子里或附近的）公地，共用草地UK noun 
SHARED  共有的  
have sth in common 
■to share interests, experiences or other characteristics with someone or something    有相同（兴趣、经历或特点）
We don't really have much in common.   我们其实没有多少共同之处。
in common with sb/sth 
■in the same way as someone or something    与…一样
In common with many mothers, she feels torn between her family and her work.   与许多母亲一样，她觉得家庭与工作难以兼顾。



★☆☆   common denominator 
—————————————————
noun countable 
NUMBER  数字     specialized 
■a number which can be divided exactly by all the denominators (= numbers under the line) in a group of fractions    公分母
12 is a common denominator of 1 3 and 1 4.   12是1／3和1／4的公分母。noun countable 
SIMILARITY  相似之处  
■something that is the same for all the members of a group and might bring them together    共同点
The common denominator was that we had all worked for the same company.   共同点是我们都曾在同一家公司工作。



★☆☆   commoner
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who is not born into a position of high social rank    平民
The princess's children have no titles because their father is a commoner.   公主的子女没有爵位，因为他们的父亲是平民。



★☆☆   common factor 
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■a number that a set of two or more different numbers can be divided by exactly    公约数（可以整除两个或以上的一组数字的数字）
Three is a common factor of 18 and 24.   18和24有一个公约数。



★☆☆   common fraction 
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■a fraction in which there is a horizontal line with one number above it and one number below it; a vulgar fraction    普通分数
⇨ See also denominator;numerator



★☆☆   common ground 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■shared interests, beliefs or opinions between two people or groups of people who disagree about most other subjects 
  （兴趣、信仰或观点上的）共同点，一致之处，共同基础
It seems increasingly unlikely that the two sides will find any common ground.   双方似乎越来越不可能找到共同点。



★☆☆   common law 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the legal system in England and most of the US which has developed over a period of time from old customs and court decisions, rather than laws made in Parliament 
  （英格兰和美国大部分地区的）习惯法，普通法，判例法，不成文法



★☆☆   common-law
—————————————————
UK adjective 
common-law husband/wife 
■someone who is not officially a wife or husband but is considered to be one because she or he has been living with their partner for a long time    实质婚姻的丈夫／妻子



★☆☆   commonly
—————————————————
UK adverb 
USUALLY  经常地  
■often or usually    经常地；普通地；通常；一般
Elbow injuries are commonly found among tennis players.   肘伤在网球运动员中很常见。UK adverb 
SHARED  共有的  
■shared by two or more people    共同的；共有的
a commonly held belief   共同的信仰



★☆☆   common multiple 
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■a number that can be divided exactly by two or more different numbers    公倍数（能被两个或以上的一组数字共同整除的数字）
Twenty-four is a common multiple of 3, 4 and 6.   24是3、4和6的公倍数。



★☆☆   common noun
—————————————————
 specialized 
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a noun that is the name of a group of similar things, such as 'table' or 'book', and not of a single person, place or thing    普通名词    Compare proper noun



★☆☆   common-or-garden
—————————————————
UK US  UK informal 
adjective [before noun] 
■very ordinary    非常普通的；很平常的；很一般的
It's a common-or-garden washing machine with just the basic functions, but it works perfectly well.   这是台很普通的洗衣机，只有基本功能，但用起来没有一点毛病。



★☆☆   commonplace
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■happening often or often seen or experienced and so not considered to be special    平常的；常见的；普通的；普遍的
Home computers are increasingly commonplace.   家用电脑越来越普及了。UK noun countable formal 
■a boring remark which is used very often and does not have much meaning    陈腔滥调；寒暄客套；老生常谈
We exchanged commonplaces about the weather over cups of tea.   我们喝了几杯茶，就天气方面的话题寒暄了几句。



★☆☆   common room
—————————————————
mainly UK 
noun countable 
■a room in a school or college where students or teachers can sit together and talk when they are not working 
  （学校或大学师生的）公共休息室



★☆☆   common sense 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the basic level of practical knowledge and judgment that we all need to help us live in a reasonable and safe way    常识
Windsurfing is perfectly safe as long as you have/use some common sense.   只要具备／运用一点常识，帆板运动非常安全。
a matter of common sense   常识的问题



★☆☆   commonwealth
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a country or part of a country that is governed by its people or representatives elected by its people    联邦；州；自治政区
formal 
■a group of countries with the same political or economic aims    （具有相同政治或经济目标的）国家联合体



★☆☆   commotion
—————————————————
UK noun [S or U] 
■a sudden short period of noise, confusion or excited movement    喧闹；喧嚣；混乱；骚动
His arrival caused quite a commotion.   他的到来引起了不少的骚动。
He looked up to see what all the commotion was about.   他抬头看吵吵嚷嚷的是怎么回事。



★☆☆   communal
—————————————————
UK adjective 
SHARED  共有的  
■belonging to or used by a group of people rather than one single person    公共的；共有的；集体的；公用的
communal facilities/food/property   公共设施／共用食品／公有财产
We each have a separate bedroom but share a communal kitchen.   我们各有一间独立的卧室，但共用一个厨房。
■describes a society in which everyone lives and works together and the ownership of property and possessions is shared    公社制的UK adjective 
IN A COMMUNITY  群体内  
■based on differences or disagreements within a large social group 
  （较大社会群体内）不同群体之间的
Communal riots/disturbances have once again broken out between the two ethnic groups.   两个种族之间再次爆发了骚乱。



★☆☆   commune
—————————————————
UK noun 
GROUP  团体  
countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a group of families or single people who live and work together sharing possessions and responsibilities    公社；群居团体
She left her husband to join a women's commune.   她离开丈夫，加入了一个妇女群居团体。UK noun 
GOVERNMENT  政府  
countable 
■in some countries, a unit of local government    公社（某些国家的地方行政单位）UK verb intransitive formal 
■to get very close to someone or something by exchanging feelings or thoughts    亲密交谈；交流；接触；交融
Lying naked in the grass, among the trees and birds, he felt he had communed with nature.   赤裸裸地躺在草地上，置身于树木和鸟儿中间，他觉得自己与大自然融为一体。



★☆☆   communicable
—————————————————
 formal 
adjective 
■able to be given from one person to another    可沟通的；可传达的；传染性的
In this period, there were 974 outbreaks of communicable disease attributed to the consumption of raw milk.   在此期间出现了974个由于饮用生牛奶而引起的传染性疾病病例。
communicable ideas/emotions   可传达的想法／情感



★☆☆   communicant
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person who is involved in Holy Communion (= a Christian religious ceremony) and is therefore considered to be an active member of a church    领受圣餐者



★☆☆   communicate
—————————————————
verb 
SHARE INFORMATION  交流资讯  
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■to share information with others by speaking, writing, moving your body or using other signals    交流，沟通（资讯）
We can now communicate instantly with people on the other side of the world.   我们现在可以与生活在地球另一端的人进行即时交流。
Unable to speak a word of the language, he communicated with (= using) his hands.   那种语言他一窍不通，只好用手势来沟通。
Has the news been communicated to the staff yet?   消息传达给员工了吗？
As an actor he could communicate a whole range of emotions.   作为一名演员，他能表达各种情感。
intransitive 
■to talk about your thoughts and feelings, and help other people to understand them    传达，表达，传递，沟通（思想或感情）
I find I just can't communicate with her.   我发现我和她就是无法沟通。verb 
DISEASE  疾病  
transitive specialized 
■to pass a disease from one person or animal to another    传染，传播（疾病）verb 
ROOMS  房间  
intransitive formal 
■If one room communicates with another, it connects with it through a door 
  （房间）互通，相连
The bedroom communicates with both toilet and hall.   卧室与厕所和门厅都是相通的。
communicating rooms   相通的房间



★☆☆   communication
—————————————————
noun 
 ESSENTIAL  uncountable 
■the act of communicating with people    交流；沟通；交际；传达；传播；通讯
Television is an increasingly important means of communication.   电视是一种日益重要的传播工具。
We are in direct communication with Moscow.   我们与莫斯科有直接的联系。
With an hour's walk to the nearest telephone, communication is difficult.   到最近的电话亭要走一个小时，通讯极为不便。
There's very little communication between mother and daughter (= they do not have a good relationship).   母亲和女儿之间沟通很少。
a course on communication skills   沟通技巧课程
countable formal 
■a message or a letter    讯息，消息；信件
We received your communication of 11th March and are sorry to inform you that we won't be attending the conference.   我们收到了贵方3月11日的来函，但很遗憾地通知你们，我们不能出席会议。
communications [plural] 
■the various methods of sending information between people and places, especially official systems such as post systems, radio, telephone, etc. 
  （尤指邮政、广播、电话等官方的）通讯，通讯系统
the communications industry   通讯产业
■ways of moving between one place and another    交通联系，交通网路
Its commercial success as a city is partly due to its excellent rail and road communications.   这座城市在商业上的成功部分要归功于其高效便捷的铁路和公路交通。



★☆☆   communication cord
—————————————————
 UK (US emergency cord) 
noun countable 
■a chain in a train carriage which a passenger can pull in an emergency to stop the train 
  （火车上的）紧急煞车索



★☆☆   communications satellite 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an artificial object in space used to send out television, radio and telephone signals around the Earth's surface    通讯卫星



★☆☆   communicative
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■willing to talk to people and give them information    健谈的；乐意提供资讯的
He was in a bad mood at breakfast and wasn't very communicative.   吃早餐的时候他心情不好，不怎么讲话。
■relating to communication    交际的，表达的，沟通的
The communicative ability of the whale is thought to be highly developed.   鲸被认为具有高度发达的交际能力。



★☆☆   communicator
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who is able to tell people about their ideas and emotions in a way that other people understand    交际者，交流者，沟通者
Obviously teachers have to be good communicators.   显然，老师必须善于沟通。



★☆☆   Communion
—————————————————
 (formal Holy Communion) 
noun uncountable 
■a Christian ceremony based on Jesus Christ 's last meal with his disciples (= the twelve men who first believed in him) 
  （基督教教会的）圣餐（仪式）



★☆☆   communion
—————————————————
noun 
uncountable formal 
■a close relationship with someone in which feelings and thoughts are exchanged 
  （思想感情的）交流，沟通，交融
It was a spiritual communion that he found with her.   他发现和她之间是一种精神上的交流。
He lived in close communion with nature/God.   他在生活中与大自然亲密交融／上帝亲密交流。
countable [+ sing/pl verb] literary 
■a group of people who are united by the same, especially religious, beliefs    派别；团体；（尤指）教会，教派
The author has a vision of an emerging worldwide Christian communion.   作者憧憬会有一个世界性的基督教会出现。



★☆☆   communion of saints
—————————————————
 specialized 
noun uncountable 
■all the people who are part of the Christian church    圣徒相通，基督教教会的所有成员



★☆☆   communiqué
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an official piece of news or an announcement, especially to the public or newspapers    公报
The palace have issued a communiqué denying the rumour.   皇室已发布了辟谣的公报。



★☆☆   communism
—————————————————
(also Communism) UK noun uncountable 
 IMPROVER  
■the belief in a society without different social classes in which the methods of production are owned and controlled by all its members and everyone works as much as they can and receives what they need    共产主义    Compare capitalism ; socialism



★☆☆   community
—————————————————
UK noun countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the people living in one particular area or people who are considered as a unit because of their common interests, social group or nationality    社区；群体；社团，团体，界
He's well-known in the local community.   他在当地非常闻名。
There's a large black/white/Jewish community living in this area.   在该地区有一个大的黑人／白人／犹太人社区。
Her speech caused outrage among the gay community.   她的演说激起了同性恋群体的愤怒。
Drug trafficking is a matter of considerable concern for the entire international community (= all the countries of the world).   贩毒是整个国际社会都相当关注的问题。
There's a real sense of community (= caring and friendly feeling) in this neighbourhood.   在该地区有一种真正的社区归属感。
■specialized 
■a group of animals or plants that live or grow together 
  （动植物的）群落
the community only singular 
■the general public    公众，群众
Unlike the present government, we believe in serving the community.   与现任政府不同，我们相信服务大众这个理念。



★☆☆   community centre 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a place where people who live in an area can meet each other and play sports, take courses, etc.    社区活动中心



★☆☆   community chest
—————————————————
 US 
noun countable 
■an amount of money which has been given and collected by the people of a particular area to help people who are old or ill and in need of help 
  （用于说明老人、病人或需要救助者的）社区福利基金，公益金



★☆☆   community college 
—————————————————
noun countable    UK 
■a school for children between the ages of 11 and 18 which also provides different types of classes, sports, etc. for adults from the local area    社区中学（接收11至18岁的学生，也向当地社区成人开放）
US 
■a two-year college where students can learn a skill or prepare to enter a university    社区学院（两年制学院，学生学习一项技能或大学预科课程）



★☆☆   community service 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■work that people do to help other people without payment, and which young criminals whose crime was not serious enough for them to be put in prison are sometimes ordered to do 
  （志愿或代替服刑的）社区服务



★☆☆   community spirit 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■friendliness and understanding between local people    社区精神（本地居民之间的友好关系和互相理解）
The presence of so many outsiders has ruined the community spirit.   大量外乡人到来，破坏了该地的社区精神。



★☆☆   commutation
—————————————————
UK US legal 
noun uncountable 
■when a punishment is changed to one that is less severe    减刑
His execution became certain when the state board refused his request for commutation.   州委员会拒绝了他的减刑要求，他要接受死刑的事已成定局。



★☆☆   commutator
—————————————————
UK US specialized 
noun countable 
■a device used in some types of electric motors to change the direction in which an electric current is flowing    换向器（转接器）（某些类型的马达中的装置，改变电流方向）



★☆☆   commute
—————————————————
verb 
TRAVEL  旅行  
intransitive 
■to make the same journey regularly between work and home    上下班往返；往返于工作地点与家之间；通勤
It's exhausting commuting from Brighton to London every day.   每天上下班要往返于布莱顿与伦敦之间，令人疲惫不堪。verb 
CHANGE  改变  
transitive formal 
■to change one thing into another    变换，改变
People used to believe that you could commute base metals into gold.   人们过去曾认为能将贱金属变成黄金。
transitive specialized 
■to exchange one type of payment for a different type    改变，改换（支付方式）
I think I'll commute my life insurance into an annuity.   我想把人寿保险改为年金保险。
transitive legal 
■to change a punishment to one that is less severe    减轻（刑罚）
Her sentence was commuted from death to life imprisonment.   对她的判决由死刑减为无期徒刑。noun countable informal 
■a regular journey between work and home    往返于工作地点与家之间
It's at least an hour's commute to work.   上班路上至少要花一个小时。



★☆☆   commuter
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who regularly travels between work and home    上下班往返的人
The train was packed with commuters.   火车上挤满了上班族。



★☆☆   commuter train 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a train service especially for people travelling between home and work    通勤火车



★☆☆   Comoran
—————————————————
noun countable adjective 
■Comoran    科摩罗人／科摩罗的



★☆☆   Comoros
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Comoros    科摩罗



★☆☆   compact 
—————————————————
adjective]kəmˈpækt/
■consisting of parts that are positioned together closely or in a tidy way, using very little space    紧凑的；密实的；小巧的
compact soil/sand   密实的土壤／沙子
a compact camera/bag   小巧的相机／手提包
What a compact office! How did you fit so much into so little space?   多么小巧的办公室！你们是如何把这么多东西塞进这么小的空间的？noun countable UK CASE  盒子  
■a small flat case which contains women's face powder 
  （装女性敷面粉用的）粉盒
a powder compact   粉盒noun countable UK CAR  汽车     US 
■a small car    小型汽车noun countable UK AGREEMENT  协定     formal 
■a formal agreement between two or more people, organizations or countries    合约；契约；协定
[+ to infinitive] They made a compact not to reveal any details.   他们互相约定不透露任何细节。verb transitive /kəmˈpækt/    formal 
■to press something together in a tight and solid way    压缩；把…压实；把…压紧
Cars had compacted the snow until it was like ice.   汽车把雪碾得越来越结实，直到变得像冰一样。



★☆☆   compact disc 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a CD 



★☆☆   companion
—————————————————
noun countable 
PERSON  人  
 ADVANCED  
■a person you spend a lot of time with either because you are friends or because you are travelling together    同伴；伙伴；伴侣
The dog has been her constant companion these past ten years.   在过去的这十年里，这只狗一直与她形影不离。
a travelling companion   旅伴
■old use 
■in the past, a young woman who was paid to care for and provide friendship for an old or ill woman, especially while she was travelling    陪护（旧时受雇陪伴老太太或女性病人旅行的年轻女子）noun countable 
OBJECT  物件     old-fashioned 
■either of two matching objects 
  （成对物件中的）一件
I've still got one of the candlesticks but I've lost its companion.   我还拥有一个烛台，却把另一个配对的弄丢了。noun countable 
BOOK  书  
■used in the title of the type of book which gives you information on a particular subject or tells you how to do something 
  （用于书名）指南，手册
the Music Lover's Companion   《音乐爱好者指南》



★☆☆   companionable
—————————————————
adjective 
■friendly and pleasant to be with    友善的



★☆☆   companionship
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the enjoyment of spending time with other people    情谊，友谊
I lived on my own for a while but I missed the companionship of others.   我一个人生活了一段时间，但很怀念同伴的情谊。



★☆☆   companionway
—————————————————
 specialized 
noun countable 
■the steps which lead from one deck (= level) of a ship to another 
  （船的）舱梯，升降梯



★☆☆   company
—————————————————
noun 
BUSINESS  公司  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■an organization which sells goods or services in order to make money    公司
He works for a software company/a company that makes software.   他在一家软体公司工作。
I work for Duggan and Company.   我在达根公司工作。
No smoking is company policy.   禁止吸烟是公司的规定。
  Common Learner Errors   company   Warning: Irregular plural!   If you want to form the plural of company , don't write 'companys', write companies.noun 
OTHER PEOPLE  别人  
 IMPROVER  uncountable 
■when you are with a person or people, or the person or people you are with    作伴；陪伴；同伴
I just enjoy his company.   有他陪伴我感到很愉快。
It was a long journey and I was grateful for his company.   旅途漫漫，我感谢有他作伴。
I enjoy my own company (= I like being alone).   我喜欢独处。
I travelled in the company of (= with) two teachers as far as Istanbul.   我和两位老师结伴同行，一直到了伊斯坦堡。
I'd rather you didn't mention it when we're in company (= with other people).   在别人面前，我觉得你最好不要提起那件事。
I didn't realize you had company (= were with someone/people).   我不知道你有同伴。
Margot came to stay for a week as company for my mother while I was away.   在我离家期间，玛歌到我家来住了一个星期，给我母亲作伴。
With only her thoughts for company (= Being alone) , she walked slowly along the seafront.   她慢慢地沿着海滨散步，独自一人沉思着。
⇨ See also accompany
be good company 
■to be pleasant and entertaining to be with    是个好伙伴
You'll like Rosie - she's good company.   你会喜欢罗斯的——她是个好伙伴。
for company 
■If you do something for company, you do it to make you feel as if you are not alone    为了有个伴，为了不冷清
I usually have the radio on for company.   我一般会开着收音机，为的是有个伴。
keep sb company 
■to stay with someone so that they are not alone    与（某人）作伴，陪伴（某人）
I'll keep you company till the train comes.   火车到来之前我会一直陪着你。noun 
THEATRICAL GROUP  剧团  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■a group of actors, singers or dancers who perform together    剧团；演出团；歌舞团
She's in the Royal National Theatre Company.   她是皇家国立剧团的演员。
I'd like to thank the director, the choreographer and the other members of the company for being so supportive.   我想对导演、舞蹈编导及剧团其他成员的大力支持表示感谢。noun 
GROUP  群体  
countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a large group of soldiers. especially a division of a battalion 
  （尤指军队中营下辖的）连，连队
countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■an organized group of young women who are Guides    女童军大队
My cousin and I joined the same Guide company.   我表姐和我加入了同一支女童军大队。noun 
be in good company 
■to have the same problem as many other people 
  （有同样问题的）大有人在
"I can't play tennis - I'm hopeless at it!" "Oh well, you're in good company."   “我不会打网球——我对网球一窍不通！”“噢，是吗，像你这样的大有人在。”noun 
the company sb keeps 
■the influence of the people that someone spends time with 
  （某人）所交往的人，与（某人）为伍的人
"Where does he pick up words like that?" "It's the company he keeps."   “他从哪里学到那种话？”“从他结交的朋友那里。”
He's been keeping bad company (= spending time with unsuitable people).   他交了一些不三不四的朋友。　



★☆☆   company car 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a car owned by a company or other organization which is used by an employee for his or her work 
  （公司供雇员使用的）公司车



★☆☆   company man
—————————————————
mainly disapproving 
noun countable 
■a man who values the company that he works for more than anything else in his life and is willing to do whatever the company needs    公司人；忠于公司，愿意为公司赴汤蹈火的人



★☆☆   company town
—————————————————
 US 
noun countable 
■a city or town in which most of the workers are employed by a single organization    公司城镇



★☆☆   comparable
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■similar in size, amount or quality to something else 
  （大小、数量或品质上）类似的，相当的，可比的
The girls are of comparable ages.   这群女孩年龄相仿。
Our prices are comparable to/with those in other shops.   我们的价格和其他商店的差不多。
The two experiences aren't comparable.   这两段经历不能相比。



★☆☆   comparative
—————————————————
UK noun countable specialized 
 ADVANCED  
■the form of an adjective or adverb that expresses a difference in amount, in number, in degree or quality 
  （形容词或副词的）比较级
'Fatter' is the comparative of 'fat'.   fatter 是 fat 的比较级。
'More difficult' is the comparative of 'difficult'.   more difficult 是 difficult 的比较级。UK adjective 
EXAMINING DIFFERENCES  查找差异  
■comparing different things    比较的，对比的
She's carrying out a comparative study of health in inner cities and rural areas.   她正在对市中心区和乡村地区的健康问题进行比较研究。
comparative comfort/freedom/silence 
■a situation which is comfortable, free, silent, etc. when compared to another situation or what is normal    相对的舒适／自由／安静
I enjoyed the comparative calm of his flat after the busy office.   在办公室忙碌一天之后，我喜欢他公寓里相对的安静。UK adjective 
WORD FORM  文法     specialized 
■relating to the form of an adjective or adverb that expresses a difference in amount, in number, in degree or quality 
  （形容词或副词的）比较级的
The comparative form of 'slow' is 'slower'.   slow 的比较级形式是 slower。



★☆☆   comparatively
—————————————————
UK adverb 
■as compared to something else    相对地，比较而言
We couldn't afford it and yet we're comparatively well-off (= we are richer than most people).   我们买不起，不过我们还算是比较富裕的。
Comparatively speaking , this machine is easy to use.   比较而言，这台机器用起来很方便。



★☆☆   compare
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
EXAMINE DIFFERENCES  查找差异  
 ESSENTIAL  
■to examine or look for the difference between two or more things    对比，对照，比较
If you compare house prices in the two areas, it's quite amazing how different they are.   如果比较一下两个地段的房价，你会惊讶地发现两者差别竟如此之大。
That seems expensive - have you compared prices in other shops?   那好像很贵——你有没有比较一下其他店里的价格？
Compare some recent work with your older stuff and you'll see how much you've improved.   把你近来的作品与以前的对照一下，你就会知道你的进步有多大。
This road is quite busy compared to/with ours.   与我们那条路相比，这条路很繁忙。
Children seem to learn more interesting things compared to/with when we were at school.   与我们上学时相比，孩子现在学到的有趣东西似乎更多一些。UK verb transitive 
CONSIDER SIMILARITIES  考虑相似之处  
■to judge, suggest or consider that something is similar or of equal quality to something else    将…比作；拿…与…相比；认为…和…相似（或不相上下）
The poet compares his lover's tongue to a razor blade.   诗人把他恋人的舌头比作剃须刀刀片。
Still only twenty-five, she has been compared to the greatest dancer of all time.   她才25岁就被誉为有史以来最伟大的舞蹈家。
People have compared me to Elizabeth Taylor.   人们把我比作伊莉莎白‧泰勒。
You can't compare the two cities - they're totally different.   你不能把这两座城市相提并论——它们完全不同。
does not compare 
■If something or someone does not compare with something or someone else, the second thing is very much better than the first    不能相比，比不上
Instant coffee just doesn't compare with freshly ground coffee.   即溶咖啡根本比不上现磨的咖啡。
compare favourably 
■If something compares favourably with something else, it is better than it    比起来要好，比得过
The hotel certainly compared favourably with the one we stayed in last year.   这家饭店当然比我们去年住的那家要好。UK verb transitive 
compare notes 
■If two people compare notes, they tell each other what they think about something they have both done    交换看法，交流意见
We'd both been out with the same man at different points in our lives so it was interesting to compare notes.   我俩在人生的不同时期和同一个男人约会过，所以交流一下看法很有意思。UK verb transitive 
  Common Learner Errors   compared with/to   Remember: to describe the differences or similarities between two or more things, use 'compare' in the past tense.   Don't say 'compare with/to', or 'comparing with/to', say compared with/to.
✗ Her garden is big comparing to mine.   Her garden is big compared to mind.UK noun literary 
beyond compare 
■so good that everyone or everything else is of worse quality    无与伦比；无可比拟；举世无双
Her beauty is beyond compare.   她的美丽无与伦比。



★☆☆   comparison
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
EXAMINING DIFFERENCES  查找差异  
 IMPROVER  
■when two or more people or things are compared    比较，对照，对比
They made a comparison of different countries' eating habits.   他们对不同国家的饮食习惯作了一番比较。
By/In comparison with the French, the British eat far less fish.   与法国人相比，英国人吃鱼要少得多。UK noun countable or uncountable 
CONSIDERING SIMILARITIES  考虑相似点  
■when something is considered similar or of equal quality to something else    相提并论；相比；比较
She drew a comparison between life in the army and life in prison.   她把军队生活和狱中生活作了比较。
To my mind there's no comparison between the two restaurants (= one is much better than the other).   在我心目中，这两家饭店根本不能相比。
He's a good writer but he doesn't bear/stand comparison with Shakespeare (= he is not nearly as good as Shakespeare).   他是位好作家，但无法与莎士比亚相提并论。



★☆☆   compartment
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■one of the separate areas inside a vehicle, especially a train 
  （车辆的）分隔厢，舱；（尤指火车的）隔间，包厢
a first class compartment   头等包厢
■a separate part of a piece of furniture, equipment or container with a particular purpose 
  （家俱、设备或容器的）隔间，格
a fridge with a small freezer compartment   带有小冷冻室的冰箱
the sleeping/inner compartment in a tent   帐篷里的睡间／内间



★☆☆   compartmentalize
—————————————————
(UK usually compartmentalise) UK verb transitive 
■to separate something into parts and not allow those parts to mix together    分隔；隔开；划分
His life was carefully compartmentalized, with his work in one city and his social life in another.   他的生活划分得很精细：工作在一个城市，社交生活在另一个城市。



★☆☆   compass
—————————————————
noun 
DIRECTION DEVICE  方位仪器  
 countable 
■a device for finding direction which has a needle which can move easily and that always points to magnetic north    指南针，罗盘noun 
MEASURING DEVICE  量度仪器  
compasses [plural] 
■a V-shaped device which is used for drawing circles or measuring distances on maps    圆规，两脚规noun 
LIMIT  界限  
uncountable formal 
■a particular range (of ability, activity, interest, etc.) 
  （能力、活动、兴趣等的）界限，范围，范畴
It's a musical instrument made of brass, somewhat like a cornet and with a similar compass.   这是一件黄铜乐器，跟短号有些类似，音域也与之相近。
The discussion went beyond the compass of my brain.   讨论超出了我的理解能力。



★☆☆   compassion
—————————————————
 approving 
noun uncountable 
■a strong feeling of sympathy and sadness for the suffering or bad luck of others and a wish to help them    同情，怜悯，恻隐之心
I was hoping she might show a little compassion.   我当时想她或许会表现出一点点同情心。



★☆☆   compassionate
—————————————————
 approving 
adjective 
■showing compassion    富有同情心的
The public's response to the crisis appeal was generous and compassionate.   公众对危难时刻的呼吁表现得慷慨大方、富有同情心。



★☆☆   compassionate leave
—————————————————
 UK 
noun uncountable 
■a period of time that a company allows you not to come to work because a member of your family has died or is ill 
  （由于亲属去世或患病而特准的）恩假，丧假



★☆☆   compassion fatigue 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■when people stop thinking or worrying about a problem that is affecting a lot of people and stop giving money to them because the problem has continued for too long    同情心疲劳（指因为影响人数众多的问题持续太久而使人不再关心、不再捐钱）



★☆☆   compass point 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■any of the 32 marks on the compass that show direction 
  （罗盘上的）罗经方位点



★☆☆   compass reading 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■when you look at a compass to find out where you are    识读罗盘；用指南针定位



★☆☆   compatible
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■able to exist, live together, or work successfully with something or someone else    可共存的；协调的；相容的
It was when we started living together that we found we just weren't compatible.   等到开始生活在一起时，才发现我们根本合不来。
This software may not be compatible with older operating systems.   该软体可能与较早期的作业系统不相容。
Such policies are not compatible with democratic government.   此类政策与民主政体格格不入。
Are their two blood groups compatible (= can blood from one person be given to the other person) ?   他俩的血型相容吗？



★☆☆   compatriot
—————————————————
UK noun countable    formal 
■a person who comes from the same country    同国人，同胞
US 
■a friend or someone you work with    伙伴；同事



★☆☆   compel
—————————————————
 (-ll-)
verb transitive 
■to force someone to do something    强迫；逼迫；迫使
[+ to infinitive] As a school boy he was compelled to wear shorts even in winter.   在求学时期，即使在冬天他也被迫穿着短裤。
formal The new circumstances compelled a change in policy.   新情况迫使在政策上作出改变。
⇨ See also compulsion   formal 
■to produce a strong feeling or reaction, sometimes unwillingly 
  （有时指并非所愿地）激起，引发
Over the years her work has compelled universal admiration and trust.   这些年来，她的工作获得了大家的一致钦佩和信赖。



★☆☆   compelled
—————————————————
adjective [after verb] 
■having to do something, because you are forced to or feel it is necessary    被迫的，不得不，有必要
[+ to infinitive] He felt compelled to report the incident.   他觉得必须报道这件事。



★☆☆   compelling
—————————————————
adjective 
STRONG  很有说服力的  
■If a reason, argument, etc. is compelling, it makes you believe it or accept it because it is so strong 
  （理由、论证等）令人信服的，很有说服力的
compelling evidence   强而有力的证据
It's a fairly compelling argument for going.   去的理由很有说服力。adjective 
EXCITING  扣人心弦的  
■very exciting and interesting and making you want to watch or listen    引人入胜的；激动人心的；扣人心弦的
I found the whole film very compelling.   我觉得整部影片都很引人入胜。
a compelling story   扣人心弦的故事



★☆☆   compendium
—————————————————
 (plural compendiums or compendia)
noun countable 
■a short but complete account of a particular subject, especially in the form of a book 
  （尤指以书的形式出现的关于特定主题的）汇编，概要，概略，纲要
the Gardener's Compendium   《园丁手册》



★☆☆   compensate
—————————————————
UK verb 
PAY MONEY  付钱  
transitive 
■to pay someone money in exchange for something that has been lost or damaged or for some problem    赔偿；补偿
Victims of the crash will be compensated for their injuries.   车祸的受害者会得到伤害赔偿。UK verb 
EXCHANGE  交换  
intransitive 
■to provide something good or useful in place of something or to make someone feel better about something that has failed or been lost or missed    弥补，补偿
Nothing will ever compensate for his lost childhood.   甚么也不能弥补他失去的童年。
His enthusiasm more than compensates for his lack of experience.   他的热情大大弥补了经验的不足。
I took her swimming to compensate for having missed out on the cinema.   为弥补她错过了电影，我带她去游泳。
We were late and I was driving fast to compensate.   我们迟到了，所以我开快车来赶时间。UK verb 
  Common Learner Errors   compensate   When compensate is followed by a direct object, remember to use the preposition for.   Don't say 'compensate something', say compensate for something :
✗ The beautiful weather compensates the difficult journey.   The beautiful weather compensates for the difficult journey.



★☆☆   compensation
—————————————————
UK noun 
MONEY  钱  
 IMPROVER  uncountable 
■money that is paid to someone in exchange for something that has been lost or damaged or for some problem    赔偿金；补偿金
She received £40 000 in compensation for a lost eye.   她得到四万英镑，作为对失去一只眼睛的赔偿。
You should claim/seek compensation.   你应该要求赔偿。
a compensation claim   索赔要求UK noun 
EXCHANGE  交换  
countable or uncountable 
■something that makes you feel better when you have suffered something bad    补偿（物）；赔偿（物）
I have to spend three months of the year away from home - but there are compensations like the chance to meet new people.   我一年必须有三个月的时间出门在外——但也有好处，比如有机会认识新朋友。
Free food was no compensation for a very boring evening.   免费食物并不能弥补晚会的乏味无聊。



★☆☆   compere
—————————————————
UK US  UK (US emcee) 
noun countable 
■a person whose job is to introduce performers in a television, radio or stage show 
  （电视、广播或舞台演出的）主持人
He started his career as a TV compere.   他的职业生涯始于担任电视节目主持人。UK US  UK (US emcee) 
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to act as a compere    主持
She comperes that awful game show on Saturday night.   她主持周六晚上那个糟糕的游戏节目。



★☆☆   compete
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
 IMPROVER  
■to try to be more successful than someone or something else    竞争
It's difficult for a small supermarket to compete against/with the big supermarkets.   小超市很难与大超市竞争。
Both girls compete for their father's attention.   两个女孩在父亲面前争宠。
figurative Turn the music down - I'm not competing against/with that noise (= I can't/won't try to speak louder than that music) !   把音乐调小声一点——我可不想跟那噪音较量！
 IMPROVER  
■to take part in a race or competition    参加赛跑；参与竞争；争夺
Are you competing in the 100 metres?   你参加100米赛跑吗？
The two athletes are competing for the gold medal.   这两位选手在争夺金牌。



★☆☆   competence
—————————————————
UK US  (also competency) 
noun countable or uncountable 
■the ability to do something well    能力；才干；水准
Her competence as a teacher is unquestionable.   她的执教能力无可置疑。
He reached a reasonable level of competence in his English.   他的英语能力已达到了一定水准。    Opposite incompetence



★☆☆   competency
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an important skill that is needed to do a job    技能；能力；本领
managerial competencies   管理能力



★☆☆   competent
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■able to do something well    有能力的；能干的；称职的
a competent secretary/horse-rider/cook   能干的秘书／骑手／厨师
I wouldn't say he was brilliant but he is competent at his job.   我虽然不会说他是才华横溢，可他还是能胜任工作的。    Opposite incompetent



★☆☆   competition
—————————————————
UK noun 
 ESSENTIAL  uncountable 
■when someone is trying to win something or be more successful than someone else    竞争
Competition for jobs is intense.   求职的竞争非常激烈。
There's a lot of competition between computer companies.   电脑公司间的竞争很激烈。
The two companies are in competition with each other.   两家公司互相竞争。
[+ to infinitive] There's fierce competition to join the Special Branch.   加入政治保安处要经过激烈的竞争。
Foreign competition (= similar products from other countries) had reduced their sales.   来自国外的竞争使他们的销售额有所下跌。
Why are you jealous of her? She's no competition!   你为甚么要嫉妒她？她根本不是你的对手！
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■an organized event in which people try to win a prize by being the best, fastest, etc.    竞赛，比赛
a swimming/chess competition   游泳／国际象棋比赛
She's entered a crossword competition.   她参加了纵横填字比赛。
humorous You don't need to eat so quickly! It's not a competition.   你不必吃得这么快！又不是比赛。
the competition only singular 
■the person or people you are trying to be better than    竞争对手，竞争者
The competition on the track looked fierce and her heart sank.   跑道上的对手看起来很厉害，她的心不禁一沉。



★☆☆   competitive
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■involving competition    竞争的；竞赛的
competitive sports   竞技体育
a highly competitive industry   竞争激烈的行业
Acting is very competitive - you've got to really push yourself if you want to succeed.   演艺界竞争非常激烈——想成功就必须拚命努力。
 ADVANCED  
■wanting very much to win or be more successful than other people    好竞争的；好胜的
You're very competitive - it's meant to be a friendly match!   你太争强好胜了——这本来是场友谊赛！
I could never play team sports - I lack the competitive spirit (= a strong wish to beat others).   我可能永远都不适合参加团体运动项目——我缺乏竞争意识。
■Competitive prices, services, etc. are as good as or better than other prices, services, etc. 
  （价格、服务等）具有竞争力的



★☆☆   competitor
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 IMPROVER  
■a person, team or company that is competing against others    竞争者；参赛者
Their prices are better than any of their competitors.   他们的价格比所有竞争对手的都要优惠。
How many competitors took part in the race?   有多少选手参加了赛跑？



★☆☆   compilation
—————————————————
UK noun 
uncountable 
■the act of compiling something    汇编；编纂；编辑；编制
A team of four were involved in the compilation of the book.   一个四人小组参与了这本书的编写工作。
countable 
■a book, CD, etc. that has been made from several separate parts 
  （书、光碟等的）汇编，辑，集
a compilation of their greatest hits   他们的最热门歌曲选辑



★☆☆   compile
—————————————————
verb transitive 
GATHER TOGETHER  汇集  
 ADVANCED  
■to collect information from different places and arrange it in a book, report or list    汇编；编纂；编辑；编制
We're compiling some facts and figures for a documentary on the subject.   我们正在为一部有关这个主题的纪录片汇集资料。verb transitive 
CHANGE INSTRUCTIONS  改变指令     specialized 
■to change a computer program into a machine language    编译（电脑程式）



★☆☆   compiler
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
PERSON  人  
■a person who compiles something    编纂者
a dictionary compiler   词典编纂者UK noun countable 
COMPUTER PROGRAM  电脑程式     specialized 
■a computer program that changes instructions into machine language    编译器（把指令翻译成可执行机器语言的程式）
She ran her code through the compiler.   她把编码输入编译器中执行。



★☆☆   complacency
—————————————————
 (also complacence) disapproving 
noun uncountable 
■a feeling of calm satisfaction with your own abilities or situation that prevents you from trying harder    自满，自鸣得意
What annoys me about these girls is their complacency - they seem to have no desire to expand their horizons.   这些女孩让我生气的是她们的自满想法——她们似乎根本没有扩展知识面的愿望。
There's no room for complacency if we want to stay in this competition!   我们要是想在竞争中立足就绝不能自满！



★☆☆   complacent
—————————————————
 disapproving 
adjective 
■feeling so satisfied with your own abilities or situation that you feel you do not need to try any harder    自满的，自鸣得意的
a complacent smile/attitude   自鸣得意的微笑／态度
We can't afford to become complacent about any of our products.   我们不能对自己的任何一款产品沾沾自喜。



★☆☆   complain
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
 ESSENTIAL  
■to say that something is wrong or not satisfactory    抱怨；发牢骚；诉苦
Lots of people have complained about the noise.   许多人抱怨过这噪音。
You're always complaining!   你总是满腹牢骚！
[+ that] He complained that his boss was useless and he had too much work.   他抱怨说老板无能，而且他要做的工作太多。
 ESSENTIAL  
■to tell someone formally that something is wrong    投诉；控告；申诉
If the service was so bad why didn't you complain to the manager?   如果服务品质这么差的话，你为甚么不向经理投诉呢？verb intransitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   complain of sth 
■to tell other people that something is making you feel ill    诉说（病痛）
She's been complaining of a bad back recently.   她近来一直诉说自己的背痛得厉害。verb intransitive 
  Common Learner Errors   complain   Remember to use the preposition about.   Don't say 'complain something', say complain about something.
✗ I want to complain the quality of the food in the canteen.   I want to complain about the quality of the food in the canteen.



★☆☆   complainant
—————————————————
 legal 
noun countable 
■a person who makes a formal complaint in a court of law    原告，起诉人



★☆☆   complaint
—————————————————
noun 
REPORT OF A PROBLEM  投诉  
 ESSENTIAL  countable or uncountable 
■when someone says that something is wrong or not satisfactory    抱怨，牢骚；投诉；不满
We've received a complaint from one of our listeners about offensive language.   我们收到了一位听众有关用语粗俗的投诉。
I've made a complaint (= formally complained) to the police about the noise.   我向警方投诉了噪音问题。
[+ that] We've had complaints that you've been playing your radio too loud.   我们接到投诉说你们的收音机音量开得太大。
Do you have any grounds for complaint (= reason to formally complain) ?   你有投诉的理由吗？
  Common Learner Errors   complaint or complain?   Warning: do not confuse the noun complaint with the verb complain :
✗ I want to complaint about the service in your restaurant.   I want to complain about the service in your restaurant.noun 
ILLNESS  疾病  
countable 
■an illness    病，疾病
a heart/stomach complaint   心脏／胃病



★☆☆   complaisance
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
noun uncountable 
■a willingness to please others by being polite and fitting in with plans    殷勤；顺从



★☆☆   complement
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to make something else seem better or more attractive when combining with it    补充；补足；使完善；为…增色
Strawberries and cream complement each other perfectly.   草莓加鲜奶油相得益彰。
The music complements her voice perfectly.   音乐使她的嗓音妙不可言。



★☆☆   complementary
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■useful or attractive together    补充的；互补的；补足的
complementary colours/flavours/skills   互补色／风味／技能
My family and my job both play an important part in my life, fulfilling separate but complementary needs.   家庭和工作都是我生活中重要的组成部分，两者互为补充，满足我不同的需要。



★☆☆   complementary angle 
—————————————————
noun countable usually plural 
■one of two angles which together add up to 90°    余角



★☆☆   complementary medicine 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a wide range of treatments for medical conditions which people use instead of or in addition to ordinary medicine    辅助治疗
Acupuncture, reflexology and homeopathy are all forms of complementary medicine.   针灸、反射疗法和顺势疗法都是辅助治疗形式。



★☆☆   complete
—————————————————
verb transitive 
MAKE WHOLE  使完善  
 ESSENTIAL  
■to make whole or perfect    使完整；使完全；使完美
Complete the sentence with one of the adjectives provided.   从所给形容词中选择一个使句子变得完整。
He only needs two more cards to complete the set.   他只需再有两张牌就凑成一副了。
All she needed to complete her happiness was a baby.   只需再有个孩子她的生活就幸福美满了。
 ESSENTIAL  
■to write all the details asked for on a form or other document    填写（表格或其他档）
Have you completed your application form yet?   你的申请表填好了吗？verb transitive 
FINISH  完成  
 ESSENTIAL  
■to finish doing something    完成；完工；结束
He's just completed filming his 17th feature film.   他刚刚完成他第17部故事片的拍摄工作。
The palace took over twenty years to complete.   这座宫殿耗时20多年才竣工。
She will complete her studies in France.   她将在法国完成学业。adjective 
VERY GREAT  极大的  
 ADVANCED  [before noun] 
■very great or to the largest degree possible    完全的，十足的，彻底的
The man's a complete fool!   这个人是个十足的傻瓜！
I need a break, a complete change of scene.   我需要休息一下，彻底换换环境。
I made a complete and utter mess of it!   我把它彻底弄糟了！adjective 
WHOLE  全部的  
 IMPROVER  
■with all the parts    全部的，完全的，完整的
the complete works of Oscar Wilde   奥斯卡‧王尔德全集
The report comes complete with (= including) diagrams and colour photographs.   报告中有图表和彩色图片，非常齐全。
Sun, sand and romance - her holiday was complete.   阳光、沙滩加上浪漫的爱情——她的假期完美无缺。



★☆☆   completely
—————————————————
adverb 
 ESSENTIAL  
■in every way or as much as possible    完全地，彻底地；十分地
I agree with you completely.   我完全同意你的意见。
She's completely mad.   她彻底疯了。
He'd completely changed - I didn't recognize him.   他彻底变样了——我当时没认出来。adverb 
  Common Learner Errors   completely   Warning: do not confuse the adverb completely with the adjective complete :
✗ My tour of France was a completely disaster.   My tour of France was a complete disaster.adverb 
  Common Learner Errors   completely   Warning: Common word-building error!   If an adjective ends with 'te', just add 'ly' to make an adverb.   Don't write 'completly', write completely.



★☆☆   completeness
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■when something is whole or perfect and has nothing missing    完整，完备，完好无缺
For the sake of completeness, I should also mention two other minor developments.   为了不遗漏任何细节，我还想提提另外两个不太重要的新情况。



★☆☆   completion
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 IMPROVER  
■when something that you are doing or making is finished    完成；结束；完工
You'll be paid on completion of the project.   工程完工后给你发工资。
The road repair work is nearing completion (= almost finished).   道路维修工作已接近尾声。



★☆☆   complex 
—————————————————
adjective UK  ESSENTIAL  
■involving a lot of different but related parts    由许多相关的不同部分组成的；构造复杂的
a complex molecule/carbohydrate   复杂的分子／碳水化合物
a complex network of roads   错综复杂的道路网
a complex procedure   复杂的程式
The company has a complex organizational structure.   公司组织结构非常复杂。
 ESSENTIAL  
■difficult to understand or find an answer to because of having many different parts    难懂的，费解的；错综复杂的
It's a very complex issue to which there is no straightforward answer.   这个问题错综复杂，没有简单直接的答案。
The film's plot was so complex that I couldn't follow it.   这部电影的情节太复杂，我看不懂。noun countable UK BUILDING  建筑物  
 ADVANCED  
■a large building with various connected rooms or a related group of buildings    综合大楼；建筑群
a shopping/sports and leisure complex   购物／运动休闲中心
US They live in a large apartment complex.   他们住在一幢大型的公寓楼里。noun countable UK BAD FEELING  不好的感觉  
■a particular anxiety or unconscious fear which a person has, especially as a result of an unpleasant experience that they have had in the past or because they have a low opinion of their own worth, and which influences their behaviour 
  （尤指由过去的不快经历或自我评价不高造成的）情结，心理负担，病态心理
an inferiority complex   自卑情结
I think he's got a complex about being bald.   我觉得他因秃头而有心理负担。
Don't go on about her weight - you'll give her a complex!   别再没完没了地谈她的体重了——你会让她有心理负担的！



★☆☆   complexion
—————————————————
noun countable 
FACE  脸  
■the natural appearance of the skin on a person's face, especially its colour or quality 
  （天然的）面色，肤色，气色
a dark/fair complexion   黝黑／白晰的肤色
a healthy/clear/spotty complexion   健康／白净／斑斑点点的皮肤noun countable 
CHARACTER  特征  
■the general character of something    一般特征；性质
These are radical changes which will alter the complexion of the British contemporary dance scene.   这些变化非常大，将会彻底改变英国当代舞蹈界的格局。
What Pablo has just said puts an entirely/completely new complexion on (= changes) things.   巴勃罗刚刚所说的话使事情发生了彻底的变化。



★☆☆   complexity
—————————————————
UK noun 
uncountable 
■when something has many parts and may be difficult to understand or find an answer to    错综复杂，复杂性
a problem of great complexity   极复杂的难题
complexities [plural] 
■the features of something which make it difficult to understand or find an answer to    复杂的事物，使某物难以理解之处，令问题难以解答或解决的地方
There are a lot of complexities surrounding this issue.   此事牵涉到许多错综复杂的情况。



★☆☆   complex sentence
—————————————————
 specialized 
noun countable 
■in grammar, a sentence which contains a main part and one or more other parts    复杂句，主从复合句



★☆☆   complex word
—————————————————
 specialized 
noun countable 
■a word consisting of a main part and one or more other parts    复合词



★☆☆   compliance
—————————————————
noun uncountable    formal 
■when people obey an order, rule or request    服从；遵守；依从
It is the job of the inspectors to enforce compliance with the regulations.   强制人们遵守法规是督察的责任。
The company said that it had always acted in compliance with environmental laws.   该公司称其一向遵守环境法。
■mainly disapproving 
■when you are often too willing to do what other people want you to do    顺从，屈从
It's his compliance that amazes me.   让我吃惊的是他言听计从。



★☆☆   compliant
—————————————————
adjective    formal 
■willing to do what other people want you to do    顺从的，听从的；服从的
a compliant child   听话的孩子



★☆☆   complicate
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to make something more difficult to deal with, do or understand    使复杂化；使更难懂；使更麻烦
It will only complicate the situation if we invite his old girlfriend as well.   如果我们同时也邀请他以前的女友，只会使事情更加复杂。
The rescue operation has been complicated by bad weather.   恶劣的天气使救援工作变得更加艰难。
These new rules have complicated the tax system even further.   这些新规定使税收制度更加复杂。
■If one illness complicates another illness, it makes the other illness worse    使（疾病）恶化，加重
The breathing problem has now been complicated by a chest infection.   因为胸腔感染，他的呼吸问题变得更加严重了。



★☆☆   complicated
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  
■involving a lot of different parts, in a way that is difficult to understand    复杂的；麻烦的；费解的
complicated instructions   复杂的指令
I had to fill in this really complicated form.   我必须填写这张非常复杂的表格。
The rules are rather complicated to follow.   这些规定遵守起来挺复杂的。
The relationship is a bit complicated. He's my mother's cousin's daughter's child.   关系有点复杂，他是我母亲的表姐的女儿的孩子。



★☆☆   complication
—————————————————
UK noun 
countable or uncountable 
■something which makes a situation more difficult, or when it does this    使情况复杂化的事物；复杂化
Dave couldn't find his passport at the airport and then there were further complications when Fiona lost her baggage.   戴夫在机场找不到护照了，后来事情越发麻烦，菲奥娜又把行李遗失了。
If any complications arise , let me know and I'll help.   如果发生甚么麻烦事，告诉我一声，我会帮忙的。
countable 
■an extra medical problem which makes it more difficult to treat an existing illness    并发症
If there are no complications, the doctor says that she'll be able to come home within two weeks.   如果没有并发症的话，医生说她两周内就可以出院了。



★☆☆   complicity
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
noun uncountable 
■involvement in a crime or some activity that is wrong    同谋；共犯；串通
She is suspected of complicity in the fraud.   她涉嫌参与了这宗诈骗案。



★☆☆   compliment
—————————————————
UK noun 
countable 
■a remark that expresses approval, admiration or respect    恭维（话）；赞扬（话）；奉承（话）
She complained that her husband never paid her any compliments any more.   她抱怨说丈夫再也不赞美她了。
I take it as a compliment (= I am pleased) when people say I look like my mother.   当人们说我长得像我母亲的时候，我觉得很高兴。
Are you fishing for (= trying to get) compliments?   你在沽名钓誉吗？
only singular 
■an action which expresses approval or respect    赞扬；致敬；致意
You should take it as a compliment when I fall asleep in your company - it means I'm relaxed.   我在你面前睡着了你应该感到荣幸——这意味着我很放心。
Thank you so much for your help - I hope one day I'll be able to return/repay the compliment (= do something good for you).   谢谢你的帮忙——我希望有朝一日能报答你。
My compliments... formal 
■an expression of your admiration or respect 
  （向）…致意（或致敬）
That was an excellent meal! My compliments to the chef.   这顿饭真是太好吃了！请代我向厨师致意。
with your compliments formal 
■If you give something to someone with your compliments, you give it to them free    免费赠送地
We enclose a copy of our latest brochure, with our compliments.   我们免费附赠一本最新的小册子。UK verb transitive 
■to praise or express admiration for someone    夸奖；赞扬；赞赏；恭维
I was just complimenting Robert on his wonderful food.   我刚才在夸罗伯特做的饭菜很棒。
I must compliment you on your handling of a very difficult situation.   我必须表扬你对困难局面的处理。



★☆☆   complimentary
—————————————————
UK adjective 
PRAISING  赞美的  
■praising or expressing admiration for someone    赞美的；赞赏的；恭维的
The reviews of his latest film have been highly complimentary.   评论文章对他的最新影片高度赞赏。
She wasn't very complimentary about your performance, was she?   她对你的表演不怎么赞赏，是吗？
Our guests said some very complimentary things about the meal I'd cooked.   我们的客人对我做的饭菜大加赞赏。    Opposite uncomplimentaryUK adjective 
FREE  免费的  
■If tickets, books, etc. are complimentary, they are given free, especially by a business. 
  （尤指票、书等由公司）免费赠送的



★☆☆   compliment(s) slip 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a piece of paper printed with the name and address of a company, which is sent with a parcel in place of a letter 
  （印有公司名称、地址、随包裹寄送的）赠礼便条，礼帖



★☆☆   comply
—————————————————
 formal 
verb intransitive 
 ADVANCED  
■to act according to an order, set of rules or request    服从；遵守；依从
He's been ordered to have the dog destroyed because it's dangerous, but he refuses to comply.   那只狗很危险，因此他接到了把它人道毁灭的命令，但他拒绝服从。
There are serious penalties for failure to comply with the regulations.   不遵守规定者将受到严惩。



★☆☆   component
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a part which combines with other parts to form something bigger    组成部分；成分；零件
television/aircraft/computer components   电视／飞机／电脑零件
The factory supplies electrical components for cars.   这家工厂供应汽车电器零件。
The course has four main components: business law, finance, computing and management skills.   这门课由四大部分组成：商业法、金融、电脑操作和管理技巧。
Fresh fruit and vegetables are an essential component of a healthy diet.   新鲜水果和蔬菜是健康饮食的一个基本要素。
The control of inflation is a key component of the government's economic policy.   控制通货膨胀是政府经济政策中的关键环节。



★☆☆   comport
—————————————————
UK verb 
BEHAVE  举止  
[R] formal 
■to behave    行为举止；表现
She comported herself with great dignity at her husband's funeral.   她在丈夫的葬礼上表现得极其庄重。UK verb 
BE SIMILAR  相似  
intransitive US formal 
■If an idea or statement, etc. comports, it matches or is similar to something else 
  （观点或说法）相称，相符合，相似，一致
The findings of this research do not comport with accepted theory.   该研究结果与已有理论不相符。



★☆☆   compose
—————————————————
UK verb 
PRODUCE ART  创作艺术  
intransitive or transitive 
■to produce music, poetry or formal writing    作曲；创作（乐曲、诗歌）；着（书）
Prokofiev started composing at the age of five.   普罗高菲夫五岁就开始作曲了。
The music was specially composed for the film.   这音乐是专门为该电影创作的。
a piece of music composed for the flute   为长笛而谱写的乐曲
He composed this poem for his wife.   他为妻子写了这首诗。
formal My lawyer is going to compose a letter of complaint.   我的律师要拟写一份投诉状。UK verb 
FORM  由…构成  
be composed of sth 
■to be formed from various things    由…组成，由…构成
Air is composed mainly of nitrogen and oxygen.   空气主要由氮和氧组成。
The committee is composed of MPs, doctors, academics and members of the public.   委员会由议员、医生、学者和普通民众组成。
The audience was composed largely of young people.   观众中大部分都是年轻人。
transitive 
■to be the parts that something is made of    组成，构成
At that time, women composed only 1.6% of the US forces.   那个时期，美军中的女性只占1.6%的比例。UK verb 
BECOME CALM  使镇静  
compose yourself 
■to make yourself calm again after being angry or upset    使自己镇定；使自己平静下来
She finally stopped crying and composed herself.   她终于停止哭泣，安静了下来。
compose your features/thoughts 
■to try to make yourself look or feel calm after being angry or upset    使表情／思绪镇定
I tried to compose my features into a smile.   我极力使表情平静下来，露出一丝微笑。
He took a minute or two to compose his thoughts before he replied.   他用一两分钟平静了思绪后才作出回答。UK verb 
ARRANGE TEXT  编排文本  
transitive specialized 
■to arrange words, sentences, pages, etc. in preparation for printing    排版



★☆☆   composed
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■calm and in control of your emotions    镇静的，沉着的；平静的
She looked remarkably composed throughout the funeral.   她在整个葬礼中表现得异常平静。



★☆☆   composer
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a person who writes music, especially classical music 
  （尤指古典音乐）作曲家



★☆☆   composite
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■something which is made of various different parts 
  （由不同部分组成的）混合物，合成物，综合体
The main character in her latest novel is a composite of several public figures of that era.   她那新小说中的主角是集那个时期几位公众人物形象于一身的综合形象。
Scientists have put together a composite picture of what the Earth's crust is like.   科学家拼出了一幅地壳形状复合图。
■specialized 
■a structural material made up of more than one substance    复合材料，混合材料
The bodies of these racing cars are moulded from the same composite that is used for making aircraft fuselage.   这些赛车的车身所用的是一种与制造飞机机身相同的复合材料。



★☆☆   composition
—————————————————
UK noun 
MUSIC/ART  音乐／艺术  
countable 
■a piece of music that someone has written 
  （音乐）作品，乐曲
This concerto is one of her earlier/later compositions.   这首协奏曲是她早期／后期的作品之一。
uncountable 
■the process or skill of writing music    音乐创作（技巧），作曲（技巧）
At music school I studied piano and composition.   我在音乐学校学习钢琴和作曲。
countable 
■the way that people or things are arranged in a painting or photograph 
  （绘画或照片的）构图，构思，布局
a group composition   组合构思UK noun 
PIECE OF WRITING  作文  
countable or uncountable old-fashioned 
■a short piece of writing about a particular subject, done by a student    作文
a 200-word composition   一篇200字的作文UK noun 
FORMED FROM  由…构成  
uncountable 
■the parts, substances, etc. that something is made of    成分；构成；结构
the composition of the atmosphere   大气的成分



★☆☆   compositor
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person whose job is to arrange the letters, words, sentences, etc. of a book or a magazine before it is printed    排字工人，排版工人



★☆☆   compos mentis
—————————————————
UK US  humorous 
adjective [after verb] 
■able to think clearly and be in control of and responsible for your actions; mentally healthy    心智健全的；神志清楚的；头脑健康的
She was quite old at the time but still compos mentis.   那时她很老了，可是依然头脑清晰。



★☆☆   compost
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■decaying plant material which is added to soil to improve its quality    混合肥料；堆肥



★☆☆   compostable
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■Something that is compostable can be used as compost when it decays    可用作堆肥（混合肥料）的
compostable garden waste   可用作堆肥的花园废物



★☆☆   composure
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■calmness and control    镇静，沉着，泰然自若
I didn't want to lose my composure in front of her.   我不想在她面前失态。



★☆☆   compound 
—————————————————
noun countable UK COMBINATION  组合  
■a chemical that combines two or more elements    化合物
Salt is a compound of sodium and chlorine.   盐是钠和氯的化合物。
Many fertilizers contain nitrogen compounds.   许多化学肥料都含有含氮化合物。
■formal 
■something consisting of two or more different parts    复合物；混合物
Then there was his manner, a curious compound of humour and severity.   还有他的态度，那是一种幽默与严厉的奇异混合。
■in grammar, a word which combines two or sometimes more different words. Often, the meaning of the compound cannot be discovered by knowing the meaning of the different words that form it. Compounds can be written either as one word or as separate words 
  （文法中的）复合词：态
'Bodyguard' and 'floppy disk' are two examples of compounds.   bodyguard 和 floppy disk 是两个复合词。noun countable UK AREA  区域  
■an area surrounded by fences or walls which contains a group of buildings 
  （围起来的）场地，楼群，院落
The gates opened and the troops marched into their compound.   大门开了，军队进入他们的大院。
The embassy compound has been closed to the public because of a bomb threat.   因受到炸弹威胁，使馆区已不再对公众开放。verb[kəmˈpaʊnd/
WORSEN  恶化  
transitive often passive 
■to make a problem or difficult situation worse    使加重，使加剧，使恶化
Her terror was compounded by the feeling that she was being watched.   她有种被人监视的感觉，这加剧了她的恐惧感。
His financial problems were compounded when he unexpectedly lost his job.   他意外地失去了工作，这使他手头更紧了。
Severe drought has compounded food shortages in the region.   严重的干旱加剧了该地区的食品短缺问题。verb[kəmˈpaʊnd/
COMBINE  使混合  
transitive 
■to mix two things together    使混合；使复合
Most tyres are made of rubber compounded with other chemicals and materials.   大多数轮胎都是用橡胶和其他化学制品、材料混合制成的。adjective UK US [ˈkɑːm-/
■consisting of two or more parts    复合的
■used to refer to a system of paying interest in which interest is paid both on the original amount of money invested (= given to companies hoping to get more back) or borrowed and on any interest which that original amount has collected over a period of time 
  （利息）以复利计算的
compound interest   复利
The investment fund has achieved annual compound returns of 18.2%.   投资得到了18.2%的复利年回报率。



★☆☆   compound eye 
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■an eye made of a large number of parts, each with a separate lens , as found in insects    复眼（由许多带有独立晶状体的部分构成的昆虫眼器官）



★☆☆   compound fracture 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■when a bone breaks or cracks and cuts through the surrounding flesh    开放性骨折，有创骨折    Compare simple fracture



★☆☆   compound leaf 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a type of leaf which is formed from a number of smaller leaves all joined to one stem    复叶



★☆☆   comprehend
—————————————————
UK US  slightly formal 
verb intransitive or transitive [not continuous] 
■to understand something completely    充分理解；领悟
I fail to comprehend their attitude.   我不能理解他们的态度。
He doesn't seem to comprehend the scale of the problem   他似乎没意识到问题的严重性。
[+ question word] I'll never comprehend wh y she did what she did.   我永远也不会明白她为甚么那么做。
[+ that] I don't think he fully comprehends that she won't be here to help him.   我看他还没有充分意识到她是不会来这里帮他的。



★☆☆   comprehensible
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■able to be understood    可理解的，易于理解的
It's written in clear, comprehensible English.   它是用明白易懂的英语写成的。
Her writing is barely comprehensible to me.   她的作品我几乎不能理解。    Opposite incomprehensible



★☆☆   comprehension
—————————————————
UK noun 
uncountable 
■the ability to understand completely and be familiar with a situation, facts, etc.    理解（力）；领悟（能力）
He has no comprehension of the size of the problem.   他不明白问题有多严重。
How she manages to fit so much into a working day is beyond my comprehension (= I cannot understand it).   我搞不明白她如何能在一个工作天里做那么多事情。
countable or uncountable UK 
■a test to find out how well students understand written or spoken language    理解力测试
a listening/reading comprehension   听力练习／阅读理解



★☆☆   comprehensive
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 IMPROVER  
■complete and including everything that is necessary    全面的；综合的；包罗万象的；详尽的
We offer you a comprehensive training in all aspects of the business.   我们向你提供这个行业各方面的综合培训。
Is this list comprehensive or are there some names missing?   这份名单是完整的还是遗漏了一些名字？
He has written a fully comprehensive guide to Rome.   他写了一本内容详尽的罗马旅游指南。



★☆☆   comprehensive insurance 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■insurance which financially protects any other vehicles and people that are involved in a car accident with you, in addition to yourself    综合保险



