★☆☆   shipping
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■ships considered as a group    船舶
This stretch of water is heavily used by shipping.   这片水域航运繁忙。
■when goods are sent from one place to another, especially by ship    运输；（尤指）船运，海运
The cost is $205 plus $3 for shipping.   费用是205美元加3美元的运输费。
The fruit is picked and artificially ripened before shipping.   这种水果摘下来经过人工催熟再装运出去。



★☆☆   shipping and handling 
—————————————————
noun uncountable    US for 
■postage and packing 



★☆☆   shipshape
—————————————————
 informal 
adjective 
■tidy and with everything in its correct place    整齐的，井井有条的
The builders have gone, but it'll take a while to get things shipshape again.   建筑工人走了，但收拾妥当还需要一点时间。



★☆☆   shipwreck
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable (also wreck) 
■an accident in which a ship is destroyed or sunk at sea, especially by hitting rocks, or a ship which has been destroyed or sunk in such an accident 
  （尤指触礁导致的）船只失事，海难；失事船只，沉船
The danger of shipwreck is much greater in fog.   雾天里，船只失事的危险会大得多。
There have been many shipwrecks along this dangerous stretch of coastline.   在这段危险的海岸线上，已经发生了很多件沉船事件。verb transitive 
■to make someone suffer a shipwreck    使某人遇上海难
They were shipwrecked off the coast of Newfoundland.   他们的船在纽芬兰海岸附近失事了。
a shipwrecked sailor   遭遇海难的水手



★☆☆   shipyard
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a place where ships are built or repaired    船坞；造船厂；修船厂



★☆☆   shire
—————————————————
UK noun 
countable UK old use 
■a county , now used in combination in the names of many British counties    郡（现用于英国许多郡的郡名中）
Yorkshire   约克郡
Oxfordshire   牛津郡
the shires [plural] UK 
■the central rural counties of England, such as Leicestershire, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire    英格兰中部农业诸郡（如莱斯特郡、诺丁汉郡、德比郡）



★☆☆   shire horse 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a large strong English horse which has long hair covering its feet 
  （英国）中部大种拖车马



★☆☆   shirk
—————————————————
UK US  disapproving 
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to avoid work, duties or responsibilities, especially if they are difficult or unpleasant    逃避； 规避（尤指困难或令人不快的工作、责任等）
If you shirk your responsibilities/duties now, the situation will just be that much harder to deal with next month.   如果你现在逃避责任的话，情况到了下个月只会变得更难处理。
I shall not shirk from my obligations.   我不会逃避我的义务。



★☆☆   shirker
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who avoids something, especially work 
  （尤指工作的）逃避者，开小差的人
We have no room for shirkers in this office.   我们的办公室不允许有逃避工作的人。



★☆☆   shirt
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a piece of clothing worn, especially by men, on the upper part of the body, made of light cloth like cotton and usually having a collar and buttons at the front 
  （尤指男式）衬衣，衬衫
a striped/white shirt   条纹／白衬衫
a short-/long-sleeved shirt   短袖／长袖衬衫
You've spilled something down your shirt front.   你把甚么东西洒在衬衫前襟上了。
⇨ See also nightshirt;sweatshirt;T-shirtUK noun countable 
keep your shirt on (UK also keep your hair on) informal 
■said to tell someone to stop being so angry or upset    别生气
Keep your shirt on! Your car isn't badly damaged!   别生气！你的车受损不严重！UK noun countable 
put your shirt on sth UK informal 
■to feel very certain that something will happen    确信…会发生
I'd put my shirt on the President being re-elected.   我肯定总统会再次当选。UK noun countable 
the shirt off sb's back informal 
■the last thing that someone has left 
  （某人）仅剩的家当
He's the kind of man who'd give you the shirt off his back.   他是那种能为你付出一切的人。



★☆☆   shirt-sleeve
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a sleeve of a shirt    衬衫袖子
Susannah felt a hand tugging at her shirt-sleeve.   苏珊娜感觉有只手在拉她的衬衫袖子。
Jamie rolled up his shirt-sleeves and set to work.   杰米卷起衬衣袖子开始工作。UK noun countable 
in shirt-sleeves 
■dressed informally without wearing anything, such as a jacket, over a shirt    只穿衬衣，未穿外衣
Because it was so hot, the men were all in their shirt-sleeves.   因为天气太热，所以男人们都只穿衬衫。



★☆☆   shirt tails 
—————————————————
plural noun 
■the part at the back of a shirt which comes down below the waist of the person wearing it    衬衫下摆
He tucked his shirt tails into his trousers.   他把衬衫下摆塞进了裤子里。



★☆☆   shirty
—————————————————
UK US  UK informal 
adjective 
■annoyed or angry, especially in a rude way    恼怒的；（尤指）粗暴发火的
Don't get shirty with me - this is your fault, not mine.   不要对我发火——这是你的错，而不是我的。



★☆☆   shish kebab 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a kebab 



★☆☆   shit
—————————————————
noun 
uncountable offensive 
■the solid waste which is released from the bowels of a person or animal; excrement    屎，粪便
There's so much dog shit on the pavement.   人行道上有许多狗屎。
⇨ See also bullshit;shite
only singular offensive 
■the act of releasing solid waste from the bowels    拉屎
I need to have/ UStake a shit.   我要去拉屎。
the shits [plural] offensive 
■diarrhoea (= a medical condition in which the contents of the bowels are passed out of the body too often)    拉肚子，腹泻
Something I ate has given me the shits.   我吃的某种东西让我拉肚子了。
countable or uncountable offensive 
■someone or something you do not like, especially because they are unpleasant or of low quality    讨厌的人（或物）；劣质货
She talks a load of shit.   她说的全是屁话。
The man's a complete shit.   那个人完全是堆狗屎。
uncountable offensive 
■insults, criticism or unkind or unfair treatment    侮辱；责难；不公平待遇
Ben gets a lot of shit from his parents about the way he dresses.   班常因自己的穿着打扮而受到父母的臭骂。
Jackie doesn't take (any) shit from anyone (= does not allow anyone to treat her badly).   杰基从不愿受任何人的气。
uncountable US offensive 
■used in negatives to mean 'anything' 
  （用于否定句）任何东西（都不）
He doesn't know shit about what's going on.   他一点都不知道发生了甚么事。noun 
give sb the shits Australian offensive 
■to annoy someone    激怒某人，惹（某人）生气noun 
have shit for brains US offensive 
■to be extremely stupid    脑子进水；极端愚蠢
Don't ask Jack to do anything - he's got shit for brains.   任何事情也不要找杰克做－－他脑子有水（极端愚蠢）。noun 
have/get your shit together mainly US offensive 
■to be or become effective, organized and skilful    变得熟练，得心应手
One of these days I'll get my shit together.   总有一天，我会他妈驾轻就熟的。noun 
No shit! offensive 
■an expression of surprise about information you have just heard 
  （表示对刚听到的话感到惊讶）不会吧
"Richard's got the job in New York!" "No shit!"   “理查得到了在纽约的那份工作！”“不会吧！”noun 
not give a shit offensive 
■to not be interested in or worried about something or someone 
  （对…）丝毫不感兴趣；（对…）毫不在意
I don't give a shit what Nigel thinks.   我毫不在意奈杰尔怎么想。noun 
(the) shit hits the fan (also the shit flies) offensive 
■When the shit hits the fan or when the shit flies, a situation suddenly causes a lot of trouble for someone    麻烦到来，灾难来临
I don't want to be here when the shit hits the fan.   大难临头时我可不想待在这里。noun 
the shit out of sb/sth offensive 
■used to emphasize the degree of force of an action which you are describing 
  （用于强调所描述的动作的程度）
His dad would beat/knock/kick the shit out of him if he disobeyed.   如果他不听话，他爸爸就会把他打得屁滚尿流。
Don't creep up on me like that - you scared the shit out of me.   别那么蹑手蹑脚地靠近我——你把我吓死了。verb (shitting, shit or shat or shitted, shit or shat or shitted)    offensive 
intransitive 
■to pass solid waste from the bowels    拉屎
That dog had better not shit in the house again!   那只狗最好别再在屋子里拉屎了！
mainly US I need to shit real bad.   我得去拉屎，快憋死了。
shit yourself    [R] 
■to be extremely frightened    极度害怕
She was shitting herself, especially when he pulled out a gun.   她吓得魂不附体，尤其是当他掏出枪的时候。verb (shitting, shit or shat or shitted, shit or shat or shitted)    offensive 
shit a brick (also shit bricks) mainly US offensive 
■to become very frightened    非常惊骇
We were all shitting bricks as the truck missed the car by inches.   当那个卡车差点撞上汽车时，我们都非常惊骇。verb (shitting, shit or shat or shitted, shit or shat or shitted)    offensive 
  Phrasal Verbs   shit on sb 
■to treat someone very badly and unkindly    苛刻地对待（某人）
He was whinging that the boss had shat on him by not giving him a day off.   他气愤地抱怨说，老板连一天假都不让他请，对他真是太刻薄了。exclamation offensive 
■used to express anger or surprise 
  （用于表示恼怒或惊讶）该死！妈的！
Oh shit, we're going to be late!   哦，该死，我们要迟到了！
Shit - the damn thing's broken!   妈的——这该死的东西打碎了！



★☆☆   shitake (mushroom)
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a shiitake (mushroom)    香菇（一种什塔克菇）



★☆☆   shite
—————————————————
 UK offensive 
noun countable or uncountable 
■shit 



★☆☆   shit-faced
—————————————————
 offensive 
adjective 
■extremely drunk    烂醉的



★☆☆   shithead
—————————————————
 offensive 
noun countable 
■a stupid, unpleasant and unpopular person    笨蛋，白痴
That little shithead has screwed things up again.   那个臭小子又把事情搞砸了。



★☆☆   shit hot
—————————————————
UK offensive 
adjective 
■extremely good    极好的



★☆☆   shithouse
—————————————————
 US offensive 
noun countable 
■a small building containing a toilet    厕所（有马桶的一种小建筑物） US offensive 
noun countable 
be in the shithouse 
■to be in trouble    处于困境中；有麻烦



★☆☆   shitload
—————————————————
UK US  offensive 
noun 
a shitload of sth 
■a lot of something    很多，一大堆
He earns a shitload of money.   他赚的钱很多。



★☆☆   shit stirrer
—————————————————
offensive 
noun countable 
■someone who makes trouble for other people, especially by making known facts that they would prefer to keep secret 
  （尤指泄漏别人秘密的）麻烦制造者，搅屎棍
He didn't need to tell her that - he's just a shit stirrer.   早知道他不必告诉她的——他可真是爱乱搅和。



★☆☆   shitty
—————————————————
UK US  offensive 
adjective 
■unfair and unkind    不公平的；卑鄙的，可耻的
She's had really shitty treatment from the management.   管理阶层对她真的是太不公平了！
■bad, difficult or unpleasant    糟糕的；困难的；令人不快的
Jamie's had a shitty week at work.   杰米这一星期在工作上真是倒楣透了。
Anna, if you're feeling shitty (= ill) , just go home.   安娜，如果你不舒服就回家吧。



★☆☆   shiver
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive 
 ADVANCED  
■When people or animals shiver, they shake slightly because they feel cold, ill or frightened 
  （因寒冷、疾病或恐惧而）轻微颤抖，发抖
The poor dog - it's shivering!   可怜的狗——它在发抖！
He shivered with cold in his thin cotton shirt.   他只穿着薄薄的棉布衬衫，冻得瑟缩发抖。UK noun countable 
■when your body shakes slightly because you are frightened, cold or ill 
  （因受惊、寒冷或生病而出现的）颤栗；颤抖
I felt/gave a shiver as I looked out at the dark expanse of sea.   看着外面漆黑无边的大海，我感到身上一阵颤抖。
the shivers [plural] 
■when you shiver because you are ill 
  （生病时出现的）发抖，寒颤
She's aching and she's got the shivers, so I've sent her to bed.   她浑身疼痛，直打寒颤，所以我叫她躺到床上去了。
■informal 
■when you feel frightened of someone or something 
  （恐惧时的）颤抖，发抖
I don't like him - he gives me the shivers.   我不喜欢他——他让我感到害怕。UK noun countable 
shiver (up and) down your spine informal 
■a frightened or excited feeling 
  （因恐惧或兴奋而）脊背发凉，战栗
At its most terrifying, his writing sends shivers up and down my spine.   读到他作品中最恐怖的部分时，我不由得脊背发凉。
Whenever I hear that music, I feel a shiver down my spine.   无论何时听到那段音乐，我都会感到一阵寒颤。



★☆☆   shivery
—————————————————
UK US informal 
adjective 
■shaking slightly because you feel cold, frightened or ill 
  （因寒冷、恐惧或生病而）发抖的，哆嗦的
She's very hot and shivery, so I think she must have flu.   她身上很烫，直打寒颤，我想她一定是得了感冒。



★☆☆   shivoo
—————————————————
 (plural shivoo)    Australian informal 
noun countable 
■a party or a celebration    聚会或庆祝会
We're having a shivoo round at our place tonight - do you want to come?   今晚在我们住的地方有一个庆祝会－－你想来吗？



★☆☆   shoal
—————————————————
UK noun 
FISH  鱼  
countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a large number of fish swimming as a group    鱼群
We could see shoals of tiny fish darting about.   我们可以看见一群群小鱼儿窜来窜去。
Piranhas often feed in shoals.   水虎鱼常常是成群地觅食。
countable [+ sing/pl verb] informal 
■a large number of things or people    大批，大群（东西或人）
In the summer, tourists visit the city in shoals.   夏天，大批大批的游客到这个城市观光。UK noun 
RAISED AREA  凸起的区域  
countable specialized 
■a raised bank of sand or rocks under the surface of the water    浅滩，沙洲



★☆☆   shock
—————————————————
UK noun 
SURPRISE  惊讶  
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable 
■(the emotional or physical reaction to) a sudden, unexpected and usually unpleasant event or experience    令人震惊的事件（或经历）；惊愕，震惊
Her mother's death came as a great shock - it was so unexpected.   她母亲的去世让人倍感震惊——简直太出乎意料了。
It was such a loud crash - it gave me/I got quite a shock.   轰隆一声巨响就撞上了——真把我吓了一跳。
It was a shock to see her looking so ill.   看到她病得如此厉害，真让人震惊。
I was in (a state of) shock for about two weeks after the accident.   意外发生后，我有约两个星期都处于惊魂未甫的状态。
UK The French suffered a shock defeat (= completely unexpected defeat) by the Italian side at the weekend.   法国队周末十分意外地被义大利队击败。
countable    * an electric shock 
Ow! - I got a shock from that lamp!   哎哟！——我被那盏灯电了一下！
uncountable 
■a medical condition caused by severe injury, pain, loss of blood or fear which slows down the flow of blood around the body    休克
Several passengers from the wrecked vehicle were taken to hospital suffering from shock.   出事的车上有几位乘客处于休克状态，被送往医院。
a shock to the system 
■when something new or unusual feels difficult or unpleasant 
  （新的或不常见的事物）让人感到难以应对（或不快）
It's really hard getting back to work after three months off - it's quite a shock to the system.   三个月的休假之后，真的很难回到工作状态——感觉很不适应。UK noun 
DAMAGING EFFECT  破坏性效果  
uncountable 
■the effect of one object violently hitting another, which might cause damage or a slight movement    冲击，剧烈震动
For running on hard roads, you need shoes with extra cushioning to absorb (= reduce) the shock.   在坚硬的路面上奔跑时，需要穿具有超强缓冲力的鞋子。UK noun 
OFFENDED  冒犯  
uncountable 
■a feeling of being offended or upset by something you consider wrong or unacceptable    愤怒，生气，不快
You should have seen the look of shock on her face when he started swearing!   你真应该看看他开始用粗话骂人时，她脸上那又惊又气的表情！UK noun 
HAIR  头发  
only singular 
■a large and noticeable mass of hair    惹眼的一大团毛发
She's got a shock of bright red hair.   她有一头浓密抢眼的红发。UK noun 
Shock, horror! humorous 
■an expression used when you are pretending to feel very shocked by a piece of news    震惊；恐怖（一种措辞，用于假装因一则消息而感到非常震惊）
Shock, horror! Carl James was seen talking to a woman and it wasn't his wife.   恐怖啊！有人看到卡尔‧吉姆和一个女人说话，但那个女人不是他老婆。UK verb intransitive or transitive 
OFFEND  冒犯  
 IMPROVER  
■to offend or upset someone by doing or saying something which they consider is immoral or unacceptable 
  （使）愤怒，（使）生气，（使）不快
The advertisements were designed to shock - that was the whole point of the campaign.   这些广告为的就是要惊世骇俗——这就是此次活动的全部意义。
[+ obj + to infinitive] I think it shocks him to hear women talking about sex.   我想他听到女人谈论性会很愤慨。UK verb intransitive or transitive 
SURPRISE  惊讶  
 ADVANCED  
■to make someone feel upset or surprised 
  （使）震惊，（使）惊愕
The photographs of starving children shocked people into giving money.   那些饥饿儿童的照片让人们深感震惊，纷纷解囊相助。
The news of the accident shocked the family deeply.   那则意外的消息让全家人深感震惊。



★☆☆   shock absorber
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a device on a vehicle, especially a car or an aircraft, which reduces the effects of travelling over rough ground or helps it to land more smoothly 
  （尤指汽车或飞机上的）缓冲器；避震器



★☆☆   shocker
—————————————————
UK US informal 
noun countable 
■something that is likely to offend, especially something new or recently announced    令人震惊（或不快）之物（尤指新事物或新宣布之事）



★☆☆   shocking
—————————————————
UK adjective 
OFFENSIVE  冒犯  
 ADVANCED  
■offensive, upsetting or immoral    不正当的，令人厌恶的，丑恶的
The sex scenes in the book were considered very shocking at the time when it was published.   这本书里对于性爱场面的描写在当初出版时被认为是不堪入目的。
There are few crimes more truly shocking than the murder or abuse of children.   没有甚么犯罪比谋杀或虐待儿童更骇人听闻了。UK adjective 
VERY BAD  很差的     mainly UK informal 
■extremely bad or unpleasant, or of very low quality    极糟的，很坏的，很差的；令人极为不快的
What shocking weather!   天气可真糟糕！
My memory is shocking.   我的记性极差。UK adjective 
SURPRISING  惊讶  
■extremely surprising    令人震惊的，令人极为惊讶的
The news came as a shocking blow.   这一消息令人震惊，对人打击不小。



★☆☆   shocking pink 
—————————————————
adjective noun uncountable 
■very bright pink    鲜艳的粉红色（的）



★☆☆   shock jock
—————————————————
mainly US 
noun countable 
■a person who presents a radio programme and who often says things that are not considered acceptable by most people during the programme 
  （指电台节目中播放音乐、经常谈论一些不被大多数听众接受的话题的）怪嘴音乐节目主持人
Howard Stern is one of America's best known shock jocks.   霍华德‧斯特恩是美国最著名的电台怪嘴音乐节目主持人之一。



★☆☆   shockproof
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes a watch or other device that is not easily damaged if hit or dropped 
  （手表或其他装置）防震的



★☆☆   shock tactics 
—————————————————
plural noun 
■If you use shock tactics, you do something unexpected in order to shock someone or to get an advantage over them.    出奇制胜的策略



★☆☆   shock therapy
—————————————————
(also shock treatment) 
noun uncountable 
■the treatment of particular mental illnesses by sending electric currents through the brain 
  （透过电击大脑治疗特定精神病的）休克疗法



★☆☆   shock troops 
—————————————————
plural noun 
■soldiers who are specially trained for making sudden attacks    突击部队



★☆☆   shock wave 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a sudden wave of increased pressure or temperature, caused by an explosion, an earthquake or an object moving faster than the speed of sound 
  （爆炸、地震或超音速飞行物所产生的）冲击波
■a very strong reaction that spreads through a group of people when something surprising or bad happens 
  （对惊人的消息或不幸事件的）激烈反应
The assassination of the president sent shock waves across the world.   总统被刺杀的消息震惊了全世界。



★☆☆   shod
—————————————————
UK verb    past simple and past participle of 
■shoe 



★☆☆   shoddy
—————————————————
UK US  disapproving 
adjective 
BADLY MADE  粗制滥造的  
■badly and carelessly made, using low quality materials    粗制滥造的，劣质的
shoddy goods   劣质产品
shoddy workmanship   劣质工艺UK US  disapproving 
adjective 
NOT RESPECTFUL  不尊重的  
■showing little respect, thought and care    不尊重的，不关心的的
They refused him sick pay when he was off ill, which is a shoddy way to treat an employee.   他生病休假时，他们拒绝付给他病假工资，这样对待员工也太冷漠了。



★☆☆   shoe
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■one of a pair of coverings for your feet, usually made of a strong material such as leather, with a thick leather or plastic sole (= base) and usually a heel    鞋
flat/high-heeled shoes   平底／高跟鞋
gym/tennis shoes   体操／网球鞋
He put on/took off his new pair of shoes.   他穿上／脱下他那双新鞋。
Hurry and do up/lace up your shoes.   快点把鞋带系好。
a shoe shop   鞋店
■* a horseshoe noun countable 
be in sb's shoes informal 
■to be in the situation, usually a bad or difficult situation, that another person is in    处于（某人）的境地（通常指恶劣或困难的处境）； 设身处地
I wouldn't like to be in Mike's shoes when the boss hears what he's done!   要是老板知道了麦克的所作所为，他的日子可就不好过了，我可不想像他那样！noun countable 
if I were in your shoes informal 
■used when you want to tell someone what you would do in their situation    如果我是你
If I were in your shoes, I think I'd write to her rather than try to explain over the phone.   如果我是你，我想我会给她写信而不是在电话里向她解释。noun countable 
step into sb's shoes (also fill sb's shoes) 
■to take someone's place, often by doing the job they have just left    取代（某人）；接替（某人）的工作
Who do you think will step into Sarah's shoes when she goes?   莎拉走后，你认为谁会接替她的工作？verb transitive (shoeing, shod or US ALSO shoed, shod or US ALSO shoed)
■If you shoe a horse, you nail a horseshoe (= a curved piece of metal) to one or each of its feet.    给（马）钉蹄铁



★☆☆   shoehorn
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a smooth curved piece of plastic or metal which you hold in the back of your shoe when putting it on, to help your foot slide into it    鞋拔UK verb transitive often passive informal 
■to fit something tightly in a particular place, often between two other things    把…塞进；把…嵌入
This tiny restaurant is shoehorned between two major banks.   这家小餐厅夹处在两家大银行之间。



★☆☆   shoelace
—————————————————
 (also lace) (US also shoestring) 
noun countable usually plural 
■a thin string or strip of leather used to fasten shoes    鞋带
My shoelaces came undone.   我的鞋带松开了。
Do/Tie up your shoelaces, Rosie.   罗茜，把你的鞋带系好。



★☆☆   shoestring
—————————————————
noun countable usually plural    US for 
■shoelace noun countable usually plural 
on a shoestring informal 
■If you do something on a shoestring, you do it with a very small amount of money    以极少量资金
The film was made on a shoestring.   这部电影是个小制作。



★☆☆   shoestring potatoes 
—————————————————
plural noun 
■long, very thin pieces of potato which have been fried and which are usually eaten hot    炸薯签（长而极细的马铃薯丝，油炸过，通常热吃）



★☆☆   shoetree
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a piece of wood or metal shaped like the inside of a shoe, for putting inside a shoe to keep its shape when it is not being worn    鞋楦



★☆☆   shone
—————————————————
UK verb    past simple and past participle of 
■shine



★☆☆   shonky
—————————————————
UK US Australian informal 
adjective 
■of low quality    劣质的；低劣的



★☆☆   shoo
—————————————————
exclamation 
■said to animals or children to make them go away    嘘（用以把动物或小孩赶走）
"Shoo!" she shouted at the cat.   “嘘！”她对小猫叫道。verb transitive usually + adverb or preposition (shooing, shooed, shooed)    informal 
■to make sounds and movements in order to send animals or children away    用“嘘”声轰走
Go and shoo that cat away before it catches a bird.   趁猫还没抓到鸟之前赶紧把它嘘走。



★☆☆   shoo-in
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■someone who is certain to win an election or a competition 
  （选举或竞赛中的）稳操胜券者
He's a shoo-in for the White House.   对于入主白宫，他已胜券在握。
Manchester United's a shoo-in to win the title this season.   曼联队本赛季将稳获冠军。



★☆☆   shook
—————————————————
verb    past simple of 
■shake



★☆☆   shoot
—————————————————
verb (shot, shot)
WEAPON  武器  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to fire a bullet or an arrow, or to hit, injure or kill a person or animal by firing a bullet or arrow at them    开（枪），射（箭）；发射；射中，射伤，射杀
If he's not armed, don't shoot.   如果他没带武器，就不要开枪。
The kids were shooting arrows at a target.   孩子们正对着靶射箭。
She was shot three times in the head.   她头部中了三枪。
He has a licence to shoot pheasants on the farmer's land.   他得到特许，可以在这个农民的地里射野鸡。
[+ obj + adj] A policeman was shot dead in the city centre last night.   昨晚，一名员警在市中心被人开枪打死了。
The troops were told to shoot to kill.   军队接到命令开枪射击。verb (shot, shot)
SPORT  运动  
 ADVANCED  intransitive 
■to try to score points for yourself or your team, in sports involving a ball, by kicking, hitting or throwing the ball towards the goal 
  （球类比赛中）射门；投球
He shot from the middle of the field and still managed to score.   他在中场投篮，仍成功命中。verb (shot, shot)
MOVE QUICKLY  快速移动  
 ADVANCED  intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to move in a particular direction very quickly and directly    直线冲刺
She shot past me several metres before the finishing line.   她在离终点线几米时冲刺超过了我。
He shot out of the office a minute ago - I think he was late for a meeting.   他一分钟前冲出了办公室——我想他是开会迟到了。
They were just shooting off to town so we didn't stop to speak.   他们要马上赶到城里，所以我们没有停下来说话。
Sylvester Stallone shot to fame (= became famous suddenly) with the film 'Rocky'.   席维斯‧史特龙凭借电影《洛基》一炮走红。
transitive 
■to move through or past something quickly    迅速冲过；飞速通过
informal He shot three sets of traffic lights (= went past them when they gave the signal to stop) before the police caught him.   他被员警逮住前已连闯了三个红灯。
It was so exhilarating shooting the rapids (= travelling through the part of a river where the water flows dangerously fast).   激流冲浪真是太刺激了。verb (shot, shot)
FILM  电影  
 ADVANCED  intransitive or transitive 
■to use a camera to record a film or take a photograph    拍摄；拍照
We shot four reels of film in Egypt.   我们在埃及拍了四卷胶卷底片。
The film was shot on location in Southern India.   这部电影是在印度南部实地拍摄的。verb (shot, shot)
PLAY  玩  
transitive mainly US informal 
■to play a game of pool or craps    打（撞球）；玩（双骰子、赌博游戏）verb (shot, shot)
DRUG  毒品  
transitive slang 
■to take an illegal drug by injecting yourself with it    注射（毒品）
By the time he was sixteen, he was shooting heroin twice a day.   他16岁的时候，每天注射两次海洛因。verb (shot, shot)
have shot your bolt UK informal 
■to have already achieved all that you have the power, ability or strength to do and to be unable to do more    已竭尽全力
He started off the game well but seemed to have shot his bolt by half-time.   比赛开始时他表现不错，但半场时似乎已经筋疲力尽了。verb (shot, shot)
shoot sth/sb down (in flames) informal 
■to refuse to accept someone's suggestion or idea and not consider it at all    断然拒绝，否定（某人的建议或想法）verb (shot, shot)
shoot yourself in the foot 
■to do something without intending to which spoils a situation for yourself 
  （无意中）搬起石头砸自己的脚verb (shot, shot)
shoot your mouth off informal 
■to talk too much in a loud and uncontrolled way    滔滔不绝；信口开河
It's just like Richard to go shooting his mouth off about other people's affairs.   理查就是这种人，爱对别人的事情信口开河。verb (shot, shot)
shoot a glance at sb 
■to look at someone quickly    瞥（某人）一眼
She shot him a glance as he entered the room.   他进屋时，她瞥了他一眼。verb (shot, shot)
shoot for the moon US 
■to ask for the best or the most you could hope for    力争最好，争取达到最高目标
You might as well shoot for the moon and ask for a promotion as well as a raise.   你不妨尽量争取一下，同时要求升职和加薪。verb (shot, shot)
shoot questions at sb 
■to ask someone a lot of questions very quickly, one after the other    向（某人）接二连三地提问
He shot questions at me so quickly that I didn't even have time to answer.   他连珠炮似地向我提问，我连回答的时间都没有。verb (shot, shot)
shoot the breeze US informal 
■to talk with someone or a group of people about things which are not important    闲谈，闲聊
We sat out on the porch, just shooting the breeze.   我们坐在门廊里闲聊。verb (shot, shot)
shoot the works US informal 
■to use all your money or make the greatest effort you can    孤注一掷，破釜沉舟
I emptied my bank account and shot the works on a trip to Mauritius.   我把银行帐户的钱全提光了，放手到模里西斯旅游一趟。verb (shot, shot)
sb should be shot informal 
■said when you think that someone's actions are extremely unreasonable 
  （某人）真该杀（用以表示其行为太过分）
They should be shot for selling drinks at that price!   他们的饮料卖得那么贵，真是天杀的！verb (shot, shot)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shoot sth down 
■to destroy an aircraft or make an aircraft, bird, etc. fall to the ground by shooting at it    击落，打下（飞机、鸟等）
He was killed during the war when his plane was shot down.   战争期间他的飞机被击落，他因此丧生。verb (shot, shot)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shoot sb down 
■to shoot and usually kill someone, showing no sympathy 
  （毫不留情地）击倒，击毙（某人）
I saw Leonforte shoot him down like a dog in the street.   我看见利昂福特在大街上把他击毙，就像打死一只狗一样。verb (shot, shot)
  Phrasal Verbs   shoot for/at sth US 
■to try to do something    试图做；力争得到
It's worth taking chances when you're shooting at a chance of fame and wealth.   如果你想追逐名利和财富，那是值得冒险的。verb (shot, shot)
  Phrasal Verbs   shoot out 
■If opposing groups or people armed with guns shoot it out, they shoot at each other until one of the groups or people is dead or defeated. 
  （敌对双方）开枪决胜负，开枪解决问题verb (shot, shot)
  Phrasal Verbs   shoot through Australian informal 
■to leave a place very quickly, especially in order to avoid having to do something 
  （尤指为避免不得不做某事）快速离开verb (shot, shot)
  Phrasal Verbs   shoot up 
INCREASE     informal 
■to grow in size, or increase in number or level, very quickly    迅速长大（或增加、提高；猛增）
David has really shot up since I saw him last.   自我上次见到他以来，戴维长得真快。
Prices shot up by 25%.   价格暴涨了25%。
DRUGS     slang 
■to put illegal drugs into your blood using a special needle    注射毒品
She saw a girl shooting up in the toilets.   她看见一个女孩在洗手间里注射毒品。noun 
PLANT  植物  
countable 
■the first part of a plant to appear above the ground as it develops from a seed, or any new growth on an already existing plant    芽；苗；新枝
Two weeks after we'd planted the seeds, little green shoots started to appear.   我们撒下种子两周后，绿色的小苗开始钻出来。
figurative The first green shoots (= hopeful signs) of economic recovery have started to appear.   经济复苏的迹象已开始显现。noun 
FILM  电影  
countable usually singular 
■when photographers take a series of photographs, usually of the same person or people in the same place 
  （通常指对同一人在同一地点的）系列拍摄，组照
We did a fashion shoot on the beach, with the girls modelling swimwear.   我们在海滩上拍了一组女模特儿展示泳装的时装照。noun 
WEAPON  武器  
countable 
■an occasion on which a group of people go to an area of the countryside to shoot animals    狩猎，打猎



★☆☆   shooting
—————————————————
UK noun 
 ADVANCED  uncountable 
■when bullets are shot from guns or other weapons    发射；射击；开枪；开火
We heard some shooting in the night.   夜里我们听到了一些枪声。
 ADVANCED  countable 
■when someone is injured or killed by a bullet shot from a gun    枪杀事件，枪击事件
There have been a number of shootings in the capital this week.   本周首都发生了几次枪击事件。
uncountable 
■the sport of shooting animals or birds    狩猎，打猎
pheasant/grouse shooting   打野鸡／松鸡
He goes shooting most weekends.   大多数周末他都去打猎。



★☆☆   shooting gallery 
—————————————————
noun countable 
GUNS  枪枝  
■a closed area in which people shoot guns at targets, either for entertainment or in order to improve their shooting skills    靶场，射击场noun countable 
DRUGS  毒品     US slang 
■a place where people go to inject illegal drugs    毒品注射场所
Police raided a well-known shooting gallery on Thursday night.   警方于星期四晚上突击搜查了一个有名的毒品注射场所。



★☆☆   shooting pains 
—————————————————
plural noun 
■sudden severe pains which move through the body    贯穿全身的突发性剧痛，刺痛
I get shooting pains up my spine whenever I try to move.   我一动，就会感到脊椎阵阵刺痛。



★☆☆   shooting star 
—————————————————
noun countable    informal for 
■meteor 



★☆☆   shooting stick 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a walking stick which has a sharp point to push into the ground at one end and a folded part that opens out to use as a seat at the other 
  （顶端可以打开当作凳子用的）折叠座手杖



★☆☆   shoot-out
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a fight in which two people or two groups of people shoot at each other with guns    枪战决斗



★☆☆   shop
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
PLACE TO BUY THINGS  购物场所  
 ESSENTIAL  (US usually store) 
■a building, or a room in a building, where you can buy goods or get services    商店，店铺
a book/clothes/record/sweet shop   书／服装／唱片／糖果店
a barber's/betting shop   理发／投注店
I need to go to the shops - I've got no food in the house.   我得去商店了——家里没有吃的东西了。
■UK 
■the act of shopping, especially of shopping for food and other things needed in the house    购物；（尤指食品及其他日常用品的）采购
I usually do the weekly shop on a Monday.   我通常在星期一买一周要用的东西。
be in the shops 
■to be available to buy    面市，上市，可以买到
His latest novel will be in the shops by Christmas.   他的最新小说将在圣诞节前上市。UK noun countable 
WORK AREA  工作区  
■a place where a particular type of thing is made or repaired    工厂；修理厂
He runs an auto-tyre repair shop.   他开了一家汽车轮胎修理厂。UK noun countable 
BUSINESS  商业     informal 
■a business    公司；企业UK noun countable 
set up shop 
■to start your own business    开创自己的企业；创业
She set up shop back in 1965 with a very small restaurant in the Kings Road.   1965年她以国王路上一家很小的餐馆为起点开创了自己的事业。UK verb (-pp-)
BUY THINGS  购物  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive 
■to buy things in shops    买，购买
I like to shop at Harrods for clothes.   我喜欢在哈洛氏买衣服。
If I'm just shopping for food, I tend to go to the local supermarket.   如果只是买些食品，我一般会去附近的超市。UK verb (-pp-)
GIVE INFORMATION  提供资讯  
transitive UK slang 
■to give the police information about a criminal 
  （向员警）告发
His ex-wife shopped him to the police.   他的前妻向警方告发了他。UK verb (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   shop around 
■to compare the price and quality of the same or a similar object in different shops before you decide which one to buy    货比三家，逐店比较后选购
When you're buying a flight, you should always shop around for the best deal.   买机票时，你得多询问几家，以便买到最便宜的票。




★☆☆   shop assistant
—————————————————
UK (US salesclerk) 
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■someone who serves customers in a shop    店员，营业员



★☆☆   shop front
—————————————————
(US storefront) 
noun countable 
■the outside part of a shop which faces the street    店面



★☆☆   shopkeeper
—————————————————
UK US (US usually storekeeper) 
noun countable 
■a person who owns and manages a small shop    店主



★☆☆   shoplifting
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the illegal act of taking goods from a shop without paying for them    商店行窃； 佯装顾客偷窃； 顺手牵羊
He was charged with shoplifting.   他被控在商店行窃。



★☆☆   shopper
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who is buying things from a shop or a number of shops    购物者，顾客
crowds of Christmas shoppers   圣诞节购物的人群



★☆☆   shopping
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the activity of buying things from shops    购物，买东西
The store is open for late night shopping on Wednesdays.   每个星期三，该百货商店晚间都营业到很晚。
I'm going shopping this afternoon.   我今天下午要去购物。
My granddaughter does my weekly shopping for me.   我孙女替我买每周要用的东西。
Christmas shopping   圣诞节购物
 ESSENTIAL  
■goods which you have bought from shops, especially food    所购物品（尤指食品）
She had so many bags of shopping that she could hardly carry them.   她买这么多袋东西，几乎拿不了了。
I forgot my shopping list.   我忘记带购物清单了。



★☆☆   shopping bag 
—————————————————
noun countable    UK (US tote bag) 
■any bag intended to carry things bought in shops, especially one bought for this purpose and used many times 
  （尤指购买并多次使用的）购物袋
US for    * carrier (bag) 



★☆☆   shopping basket 
—————————————————
noun 
countable (often basket) UK 
■a wire basket that you use for carrying what you plan to buy in a shop 
  （商店的）购物篮
only singular 
■a small picture on a website that you use to collect articles that you plan to buy from the site    （网站的）购物车



★☆☆   shopping centre
—————————————————
UK (ALSO US shopping center) 
noun countable 
■a group of shops with a common area for cars to park, which usually provides goods and services for local people    购物中心（共用一个停车场的一组店铺，通常为本地人提供商品和服务）



★☆☆   shopping channel 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a television channel which shows products that you can buy, and allows you to buy them by pushing a button on your television's remote control    购物频道（一个电视频道，展示可以选购的产品，只需按下电视遥控器上的一个按钮即可购买）



★☆☆   shopping mall
—————————————————
(also mall) mainly US 
noun countable 
■a large usually covered shopping area where cars are not allowed    大型购物中心（通常为封闭式，不许汽车入内）



★☆☆   shopsoiled
—————————————————
UK US  UK (US shopworn) 
adjective 
■If goods sold in shops are shopsoiled, they are slightly dirty or damaged and therefore reduced in price.    因污损而降价出售的



★☆☆   shop steward 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a worker elected by workers in a factory or business to represent them in discussions with the management, usually a member of a trade union 
  （由工人选出并代表工人与管理阶层谈判的）工会代表



★☆☆   shoptalk
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■talking about work or business with the people you work with when you are in a social situation    有关工事的谈话（在社交场合时与同事谈论工作或业务）
⇨ See also talk shop at talk



★☆☆   shopworn
—————————————————
UK adjective    US for 
■shopsoiled 
■US 
■If a story or joke is shopworn, it is boring or not interesting because it is so familiar to people.    （故事或笑话）老掉牙的



★☆☆   shore
—————————————————
UK noun 
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable 
■the land along the edge of a sea, lake or wide river 
  （海、湖或大河的）滨，岸
You can walk for miles along the shore.   你可以沿着海岸走上好几哩。
The boat was about a mile from/off (the) shore when the engine suddenly died.   船离岸边还有一哩左右时引擎突然熄火了。
⇨ See also onshore;offshore
on shore 
■on the land and not in a ship    在岸上
We waited until we were on shore before repairing the sails.   我们等到上了岸才开始修帆。
shores [plural] literary 
■a country or continent with a coast    临海国家（或大陆）
In 1992, Britain played host to the first multi-racial South African team to visit these shores.   1992年，英国作为东道主邀请第一支多种族南非球队访问该国。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shore sth up 
■to stop a wall or a building from falling down by supporting it with building materials such as wood or metal    支撑
Boundary walls have had to be shored up.   边界墙须用支柱支撑。
■to strengthen or improve an organization, agreement or system that is not working effectively or that is likely to fail    改善，提高
The new public relations manager has the difficult task of shoring up the company's troubled image.   新任公关经理面临了改善公司不良形象的艰钜任务。




★☆☆   shoreline
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular 
■the edge of a sea, lake or wide river    海岸线；湖滨线；河岸线
Oil from the wrecked tanker polluted more than 40 miles of the Normandy shoreline.   从失事油轮中溢出的石油使诺曼第海岸长达40多哩的区域受到了污染。



★☆☆   shorn
—————————————————
UK verb    past participle of 
■shear (CUT) 



★☆☆   short-
—————————————————
UK prefix 
■used with adjectives ending in -ed formed from nouns to describe something with a short part 
  （与以 -ed 结尾、由名词变化而来的形容词连用）短…的
a short-haired dog (= a dog with short hair)   短毛狗
a short-sleeved shirt (= a shirt with short sleeves)   短袖衬衫



★☆☆   short
—————————————————
UK adjective 
DISTANCE  距离  
 ESSENTIAL  
■small in length, distance or height    短的；矮的
a short skirt   短裙
Her hair is much shorter than it used to be.   她的头发比过去短多了。
It's only a short walk to the station.   去车站只需走很短一段路程。
I'm quite short but my brother's very tall.   我很矮，可我弟弟很高。
 ADVANCED  
■describes a name that is used as a shorter form of a name 
  （名字）简称的，缩略的
Her name's Jo - it's short for Josephine.   她名叫乔，是约瑟芬的简称。
Her name's Josephine, or Jo for short.   她名叫约瑟芬，或简称为乔。UK adjective 
TIME  时间  
 ESSENTIAL  
■being an amount of time which is less than average or usual    短的，短暂的
a short film/visit   短片／短暂的访问
He's grown so much in such a short time.   他在如此短的时间里长高了这么多。
I work much better if I take a short break every hour or so.   如果每小时我都休息一小会儿，我的工作效率会高很多。
 IMPROVER  
■describes books, letters and other examples of writing that do not contain many words and do not take much time to read 
  （书、信等）简短的
It's a very short book - you'll read it in an hour.   这是一本篇幅很短的书——你一个小时就能读完。UK adjective 
LACKING  缺乏的  
be short (of sth) 
 ADVANCED  
■to not have enough of something    短缺的，缺乏的
to be short of space/time   空间／时间不足
We're a bit short of coffee - I must get some more.   我们的咖啡不多了——我必须去再买一些。
The bill comes to £85, but we're £15 short.   账单是85英镑，但我们还缺15英镑。
I'm a little short (= I do not have much money) this week - could you lend me ten dollars?   我这星期钱有点不够用——能借我十块美金吗？
short of breath 
■unable to breathe very well, for example because you have been running or doing some type of energetic exercise    喘不过气，上气不接下气
She's always short of breath when she climbs the stairs.   她爬楼梯时总是上气不接下气。
be in short supply 
■to be few or not enough in number    不够用，数量不足
Computers are in rather short supply in this office.   这个办公室里的电脑不够用。
go short mainly UK 
■to not have something, especially when it is something you need in order to live    缺少，缺乏（尤指生存必需品）
My parents didn't have much money, but they made sure we didn't go short (of anything).   我父母并没有多少钱，但他们总是确保我们衣食无缺。UK adjective 
NOT PATIENT  不耐烦的  
[after verb] 
■saying little but showing slight impatience or anger in the few words that you say 
  （说话时）简短不耐的，简短愠怒的
I'm sorry if I was a bit short with you on the phone this morning.   我很抱歉今天早上我在电话里有点傲慢无礼。UK adjective 
be caught/taken short UK informal 
■to suddenly and unexpectedly need to go to the toilet, especially when it is not convenient for you to do so 
  （尤指不便上厕所时）突然想上厕所；内急UK adjective 
be short notice 
■to be very near the time when an event is expected to happen    临时通知；距离预定发生时间非常近
I will have to cancel this afternoon's class - I'm sorry it's such short notice.   我将不得不取消今天下午的课——临时才通知大家非常抱歉。UK adjective 
draw / get the short straw informal 
■to have to do the least enjoyable of a range of duties, often because you have been chosen to do it 
  （常因被选中而）不得不做最无趣的事情，做最苦的差事
Colin, I'm afraid you've drawn the short straw - you're cleaning out the toilets.   科林，恐怕你得做最苦的差事了——去打扫厕所。UK adjective 
get the short end of the stick US Australian 
■to suffer the bad effects of a situation    倒楣，承受某情况的恶果
The people who get the short end of the stick are those whose income is just too high to qualify for help from the government.   倒楣的是收入太高、没有资格取得政府援助的那些人。UK adjective 
have (got) sb by the short and curlies (also have (got) sb by the short hairs) slang 
■to have someone in your power    某人在掌握之中；抓住某人的辫子UK adjective 
have a short memory 
■to forget things quickly    健忘，记性不好UK adjective 
in short 
■used before describing something or someone in as few words and as directly as possible    简而言之，总之
He's disorganized, inefficient, never there when you want him - in short, the man's hopeless.   他这个人既没有条理，又没有效率，你需要他的时候他从来不在——简而言之，这个人是不可救药了。UK adjective 
make short work of sth informal 
■to finish or deal with something quickly    快速完成；快速解决
Well you certainly made short work of the chocolate cake! There's none left for your dad.   你把巧克力蛋糕一下子就吃完了！没有留一点给你爸爸。UK adjective 
not be short of a bob or two UK informal 
■to be rich    非常富有
Did you see his car? He's not short of a bob or two!   你看到他的车了吗？他真有钱！UK adjective 
short and sweet informal 
■surprisingly short in a way that is pleasing    短得令人高兴的
This morning's lecture was short and sweet.   今天早上的课时间很短，太让人高兴了。UK adjective 
short sharp shock 
■(describing or relating to) punishment that is quick and effective    快速而有效的惩罚；（惩罚）快速而有效的
He's in favour of the short sharp shock treatment for young offenders.   他赞成对青少年罪犯施予快速而有效的惩戒。UK noun countable 
DRINK  饮料     UK informal 
■a drink of spirits (= type of strong alcohol) without water or any other liquid added 
  （未掺水的）纯烈酒
She only drinks shorts, never wine or beer.   她只喝纯烈酒，从不喝葡萄酒或啤酒。UK noun countable 
FILM  电影  
■a short film, especially one which is made for showing before the main film at a cinema 
  （尤指正片播映之前播放的）电影短片UK noun countable 
ELECTRICITY     informal for 
■short circuit    短路UK verb intransitive or transitive    informal for 
■short-circuit    短路
The plumber's shorted the electric shower.   水电工把电热水器弄得短路了。UK adverb 
■before the arranged or expected time or place    早；提前
We had to cut short our holiday (= finish it early) because Richard was ill.   我们不得不缩短假期，因为理查病了。
We wanted to explain the plans fully, but the chairman stopped us short, as there were other important matters to discuss.   我们想完整地介绍这些计划，但是主席提前打断了我们的发言，因为还有其他重要的事情需要讨论。



★☆☆   shortage
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 IMPROVER  
■when there is not enough of something    缺乏，缺少
There's a shortage of food and shelter in the refugee camps.   难民营里缺少足够的食物和住处。
The long hot summer has led to serious water shortages.   这个夏天漫长而炎热，导致严重缺水。



★☆☆   short back and sides
—————————————————
old-fashioned 
noun only singular 
■a hairstyle for men in which the hair is cut short at the back and sides, showing the ears 
  （男子脑后及两侧头发剪短、露出耳朵的）盖式发型



★☆☆   shortbread
—————————————————
UK US  (also shortcake) 
noun uncountable 
■a type of thick sweet biscuit which contains a lot of butter    奶油甜酥饼干
traditional Scottish shortbread   传统的苏格兰奶油甜酥饼干



★☆☆   shortcake
—————————————————
UK noun 
uncountable 
■shortbread 
■countable or uncountable mainly US 
■a type of cake which is often served in layers with fruit and cream    水果鲜奶油酥饼
Do you like strawberry shortcake?   你喜欢草莓酥饼吗？



★☆☆   short-change
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to give someone back less money than they are owed when they are buying something from you    少找给…零钱
I think I was short-changed in the pub last night, because I've only got £5 in my purse when I should have £10.   我想昨晚酒吧少找给我钱了，因为我的钱包里本应该有十英镑，而现在只有五英镑。
■to treat someone unfairly, by giving them less than they deserve    对…不公平，亏待；欺骗，少给…应得的东西
Children who leave school unable to read and write properly are being tragically short-changed.   那些没学会读书写字就离开学校的孩子是不幸的，他们没有受到应有的教育。



★☆☆   short circuit
—————————————————
UK US  (informal short) 
noun countable 
■a bad electrical connection which causes the current to flow in the wrong direction, often having the effect of stopping the power supply    短路



★☆☆   shortcoming
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually plural 
■a fault or a failure to reach a particular standard    缺点，弱点
Whatever his shortcomings as a husband, he was a good father to his children.   不管作为一个丈夫他有何缺点，他却是孩子们的好父亲。
Like any political system, it has its shortcomings.   和任何政治体制一样，它也有不足之处。



★☆☆   shortcrust (pastry)
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a type of soft pastry which breaks easily    酥皮点心，起酥饼



★☆☆   shortcut
—————————————————
(UK also short cut) UK noun countable 
■a route which leads from one place to another which is quicker and more direct than the usual route    近路，捷径
I know a shortcut to town through the back streets.   我知道一条从后街到城里的近路。
■a quicker way of doing something in order to save time or effort 
  （做…的）捷径
■in computing, a quick way to start or use a computer program 
  （电脑操作中的）快捷方式
a shortcut key   快捷键



★☆☆   shorten
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive or transitive 
■to become shorter or to make something shorter 
  （使）变短，（使）缩短
As you grow older, your spine shortens by about an inch.   随着年龄变老，你的脊椎将缩短约一吋。
I've asked him to shorten my grey trousers.   我已经请他把我的灰色裤子改短一些。
The name 'William' is often shortened to 'Bill'.   “威廉”这个名字经常被简称为“比尔”。



★☆☆   shortening
—————————————————
UK  US US 
noun uncountable 
■butter or other fat which is used in cooking, especially to make pastry soft and crumbly (= easily broken) 
  （尤指使酥饼松脆的）酥油（如牛油）



★☆☆   shortfall
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an amount which is less than the level that was expected or needed    不足之数；缺口；差额
The drought caused serious shortfalls in the food supply.   干旱造成了严重的粮食供应短缺。



★☆☆   shorthand
—————————————————
UK US  (also stenography) 
noun uncountable 
■a system of fast writing which uses lines and simple signs to represent words and phrases    速记（法）
Their conversations were taken down in shorthand by a secretary.   他们谈话的内容由一位秘书速记了下来。UK US  (also stenography) 
noun uncountable 
shorthand for sth 
■a short simple phrase which is used instead of a longer and more complicated phrase    …的简略表达方式



★☆☆   shorthanded
—————————————————
UK US [&#x2CC;&#x283;&#x254;:rt-/ (UK also short-staffed) 
adjective 
■If a company or organization is short-handed, it does not have the usual or necessary number of workers    缺人手的，人手不足的
Some hospitals are so shorthanded that nurses and doctors are having to work twenty-hour shifts.   一些医院人手严重不足，护士和医生每天不得不上20小时的班。



★☆☆   shorthand typist
—————————————————
UK 
noun countable 
■someone who types and does shorthand as the main part of their job    速记打字员



★☆☆   short-haul
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■travelling a short distance    短途的
short-haul flights   短途飞行



★☆☆   shortish
—————————————————
UK adjective 
DISTANCE  距离  
■quite short    有些短的
She's got shortish black hair   她有一头略短的黑发。UK adjective 
TIME  时间  
■not long, but not very short    稍短的，有些短的
"Is it a short film?" "Well, shortish."   “那是部短片吗?”“嗯，有点短。”



★☆☆   shortlist
—————————————————
UK (ALSO US short list) UK noun countable 
■a list of people who have been judged the most suitable for a job or prize, made from a longer list of people originally considered, and from which one person will be chosen    最终候选名单，决选名单
We've drawn up (= decided) a shortlist for the job.   我们已经确定了该职位的最终候选名单。
She's on the shortlist for a teaching post.   她已经成为某个教师职位的最终候选人之一。



★☆☆   short-lived
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■If a feeling or experience is short-lived, it only lasts for a short time.    短暂的；短命的
I had a few relationships at college, most of which were fairly short-lived.   我在大学时谈过几次恋爱，但大多都十分短暂。



★☆☆   shortly
—————————————————
UK adverb 
 IMPROVER  
■soon    不久，很快
We will shortly be arriving in King's Cross Station.   我们马上就要到国王十字车站了。
shortly after/before sth 
 IMPROVER  
■a short time after or before something    …之后／之前不久
Shortly after you left, a man came into the office looking for you.   你离开后不久就有一名男子来到办公室找你。



★☆☆   short-range
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■reaching a short distance    短程的
short-range missiles/weapons   短程导弹／武器
■relating to a short time    短期的；近期的
a short-range weather forecast   近期天气预报



★☆☆   shorts 
—————————————————
noun [plural] 
 ADVANCED  
■trousers that end above the knee or reach the knee, which are often worn in hot weather or when playing a sport 
  （常在热天或运动时穿的）短裤
tennis shorts   网球短裤
She put on a pair of shorts and a T-shirt.   她穿上短裤和T恤
US 
■men's underpants    男性内裤



★☆☆   short shrift
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■If you get or are given short shrift by someone, you are treated without sympathy and given little attention    忽视，冷落，怠慢
He'll get short shrift from me if he starts complaining about money again, now that I know how much he earns!   既然我知道他赚多少钱了，如果他再开始抱怨钱的事情，我就会置之不理！UK noun uncountable 
make short shrift of sth 
■to deal with or get rid of something quickly    快速处理；很快摆脱；很快解决
Arantxa Sanchez Vicario made short shrift of her opponent, allowing her only two games in a 6-0, 6-2 demolition.   阿兰特查‧桑切斯‧维卡里奥以六比零和六比二的比分直落两盘，很快便拿下了对手。



★☆☆   short-sighted
—————————————————
UK adjective 
SIGHT  视力     (US also near-sighted) 
■describes someone who can only clearly see objects that are close to them    近视的UK adjective 
THOUGHT  思想     disapproving 
■not thinking enough about how an action will affect the future    目光短浅的，没有远见的
It's very short-sighted of the government not to invest in technological research.   政府不投资进行科技研究，目光是非常短浅的。



★☆☆   short-staffed
—————————————————
UK adjective    UK for 
■shorthanded 



★☆☆   short story 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an invented story which is no more than about 10 000 words in length    短篇小说（长度一般不超过一万个字）
He published a book of short stories.   他出版了一本短篇小说集。



★☆☆   short-tempered
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■If someone is short-tempered, they get angry easily, often for no good reason.    易怒的，脾气暴躁的



★☆☆   short-term
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■lasting a short time    持续时间短的，暂时的
short-term memory   短期记忆
 ADVANCED  
■relating to a short period of time    短期的；近期的
a short-term weather forecast   近期天气预报



★☆☆   short time
—————————————————
(also reduced time) 
noun uncountable 
■when the people who work at a factory or in an office work fewer days or hours than usual for less money because there is not much work to do 
  （因可做工作不足造成的）缩短工作时间，短工时
He's been put on short time because business is so quiet.   因为生意清淡，导致他工时不足。



★☆☆   short wave
—————————————————
(written abbreviation SW) 
noun uncountable 
■refers to radio waves of a length which is less than 60 metres    短波（指波长在60米以下的无线电波）



★☆☆   shorty
—————————————————
UK US  informal 
noun countable    (UK offensive also short-arse) 
■a short person    矮子，矮冬瓜
That coat reaches your ankles, shorty!   那件外套长得都拖到你的脚踝了，矮冬瓜！



★☆☆   shot
—————————————————
UK verb    past simple and past participle of 
■shootUK noun 
SPORT  运动  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■a kick, hit or throw of the ball which is intended to score points in cricket, football, tennis or golf 
  （板球、足球、网球或高尔夫球中旨在得分的）攻击，击打
And that was a great shot by Marquez!   那是马奎斯击出的精彩好球！
Graf drove a forehand shot down the line to win the match.   葛拉芙一记正手击球，球正好落在界内，从而赢得了比赛。UK noun 
WEAPON  武器  
 ADVANCED  countable 
■the action of firing a gun or another weapon    发射；射击；开枪；开火
He fired four shots at the car as it drove off.   车驶离时，他向它连开四枪。
a good/poor shot 
■someone who is skilled/not skilled at aiming and firing a gun    枪法好／差的枪手UK noun 
ATTEMPT  试图  
 ADVANCED  countable usually singular informal 
■an attempt to do or achieve something that you have not done before    尝试；努力
I thought I'd have a shot at making my own wine.   我想尝试自己酿造葡萄酒。
I've never tried bowling before, but I thought I'd give it a shot.   我之前从未打过保龄球，不过我想试一下。UK noun 
FILM  电影  
 ADVANCED  countable 
■a photograph    照片，快照
I got/took some really good shots of the harbour at sunset.   我拍了一些夕阳下的海港景色，真的很漂亮。
countable 
■a short piece in a film in which there is a single action or a short series of actions 
  （电影中的）镜头，片段UK noun 
AMOUNT OF DRINK  一定量的饮料  
countable 
■a small amount of an alcoholic drink    少量烈酒
a shot of whisky   少量的威士卡UK noun 
DRUG  毒品  
a shot of sth informal 
■the amount of a particular drug, whether medical or illegal, which is put into the body by a single injection 
  （药品或毒品的）一次注射量
The doctor gave him a shot of morphine.   医生给他注射了一剂吗啡。UK noun 
METAL BALL  金属球  
countable 
■a heavy metal ball thrown in a sports competition    铅球    See shot put 
uncountable 
■a mass of small metal balls which are shot from a gun    弹丸，霰弹
Shotgun cartridges contain lead shot.   猎枪弹药筒里装有铅弹。UK noun 
a shot in the arm 
■something which has a sudden and positive effect on something, providing encouragement and new activity    刺激因素，兴奋剂
Fresh investment would provide the shot in the arm that this industry so badly needs.   新资金的挹注对该行业来说不啻是雪中送炭。UK noun 
a shot in the dark informal 
■an attempt to guess something when you have no information or knowledge about the subject and therefore cannot possibly know what the answer is    无根据的瞎猜UK noun 
give sth your best shot informal 
■to do something as well as you can    尽量做好UK noun 
like a shot informal 
■When someone does something like a shot, they do it extremely quickly and enthusiastically    立刻，毫不迟疑地
The moment I let go of the dog, she's off like a shot.   我一放开那只狗，它拔腿就跑走了。UK adjective 
FREE  自由的  
get/be shot of sth UK informal 
■to get rid of or free of something, or to leave something    摆脱；除去；离开
I can't wait to get shot of this office for a week.   我迫不急待地要离开这间办公室一个礼拜的时间。
I suspect he left home to get shot of that awful mother of his.   我猜测他离家是为了摆脱他那位不可理喻的母亲。UK adjective 
CLOTH  衣服的  
■(of silk) woven in such a way that the colour appears to change depending on the angle at which the cloth is seen 
  （丝绸）呈虹色的，颜色会随着观看角度闪变的
Her evening dress is made of green shot silk.   她的晚礼服是用绿色闪色丝绸做的。UK adjective 
DESTROYED  被毁坏的     informal 
■no longer working or effective    用坏的，失效的
It's no good - these gears are shot.   没用了——这些齿轮已经磨坏了。UK adjective 
be shot through with sth 
■to show or contain a particular emotion or quality in a noticeable way all the way through    充满
Her novel is shot through with a haunting lyricism.   她的小说充满了令人难忘的抒情描写。
The report was shot through with inaccuracies.   这份报告错误百出。
⇨ See also shoot through at shoot



★☆☆   shotgun
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a long gun which fires a large number of small metal bullets at one time, which is meant to be used for shooting birds and animals    猎枪，滑膛枪，霰弹枪
The robbers used a UKsawn-off / USsawed-off shotgun in the raid.   抢劫犯在袭击中使用了枪管锯短的滑膛枪。



★☆☆   shotgun wedding
—————————————————
(US also shotgun marriage) old-fashioned informal 
noun countable 
■a marriage which is arranged very quickly and suddenly because the woman is pregnant 
  （由于女方未婚先孕而）仓促结婚；奉子成婚



★☆☆   shot put 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■a sports competition in which a heavy metal ball is thrown from the shoulder as far as possible    推铅球
He's practising for the shot put.   他正在练习推铅球。



★☆☆   should
—————————————————
modal verb 
DUTY  责任  
 ESSENTIAL  
■used to say or ask what is the correct or best thing to do    应当，应该
If you're annoyed with him, you should tell him.   如果你生他的气，就应该告诉他。
You should change trains at Peterborough if you're going to Newcastle.   如果你要去纽卡素，就应该在彼得伯勒换车。
"Should I apologize to him?" "Yes, I think you should."   “我应该向他道歉？”“是的，我想你应该道歉。”
You should be ashamed of yourselves.   你应该为自己感到羞耻。
This computer isn't working as it should.   这台电脑不能正常运作。
There should be an investigation into the cause of the disaster.   应该对这次灾难的起因进行调查。
He said that I should see a doctor.   他说我应该去找医生看看。
I should have written to her but I haven't had time.   我本来应该给她写信，可是没有时间。
It's very kind of you, but you really shouldn't have bothered.   你人真是太好了，但你真的不必这么费心的。
Where should (= do you suggest that) we meet tonight?   我们今晚应该在哪里见面?
It's rather cold in here. Should I (= Do you want me to) turn the heating on?   这里比较冷，要我打开暖气吗？
  Common Learner Errors   should   Should is followed by an infinitive verb without 'to'.   Don't say 'should to do something', say should do something
✗ We should to spend the rest of our budget on books.   We should spend the rest of our budget on books.modal verb 
PROBABLE  可能  
 ESSENTIAL  
■used to show when something is likely or expected    将，会，该
My dry cleaning should be ready this afternoon.   我干洗的衣服今天下午应该洗好了。
You should find this guidebook helpful.   你会发现这本指南很有用。
I wonder what's happened to Annie. She should be (= It was expected that she would be) here by now.   不知道安妮出甚么事了。她现在应该到这里了。
"Could you have the report ready by Friday?" "Yes, I should think so (= it is likely that it will be ready)."   “你能在本周五之前把报告准备好吗?”“我想可以。”
"Colleen wants to see us in her office immediately." "This should be good (= This is likely to be interesting or amusing) !"   “科林要我们马上去她的办公室。”“好啊！ 那应该会很有趣！”modal verb 
POSSIBILITY  可能性  
 ESSENTIAL  formal 
■used when referring to a possible event in the future    万一…的话，如果…的话
If anyone should ask for me, I'll be in the manager's office.   万一有人找我，我就在经理办公室。
Should you (= If you) ever need anything, please don't hesitate to contact me.   如果你需要甚么，请直接和我联系吧。
 ESSENTIAL  
■used after 'that' and adjectives or nouns that show an opinion or feeling 
  （用于 that 和表示观点或感情的形容词或名词之后）竟然
It's odd that she should think I would want to see her again.   真是怪事，她竟然会认为我还想再见到她。
It's so unfair that she should have died so young.   她年纪轻轻就去世了，真是不公平。
 ESSENTIAL  
■used after 'that' to suggest that a situation possibly exists or might come into existence 
  （用于 that 之后，表示某种情形可能存在或可能出现）可能会
We agree that the money should be paid tomorrow.   我们同意明天付钱。
 ADVANCED  formal 
■used after 'so that' and 'in order that' to show purpose 
  （用于 so that 和 in order that 之后，表示目的）会，就
He took his umbrella so that he shouldn't get wet.   他带了雨伞，这样就不会淋湿了。
■formal 
■used after 'for fear that', 'in case' and 'lest' 
  （用于 for fear that，in case 和 lest 之后）
He took his umbrella in case it should rain.   他带了雨伞，以防下雨。modal verb 
REASON  原因  
 IMPROVER  
■used after 'why' when giving or asking the reason for something 
  （给出或询问原因时用于why之后）竟会
Why should anyone want to eat something so horrible?   怎么会有人想吃这么可怕的东西？
Why shouldn't she buy it if she can afford it?   如果她买得起，怎么不买呢？modal verb 
WOULD  愿意  
 ADVANCED  mainly UK formal 
■used instead of 'would' when the subject is 'I' or 'we' 
  （当主语为 I 或 we 时代替 would）
I should like a whisky before I go to bed.   我睡觉之前想来杯威士卡。
I shouldn't expect you to pay, of course.   我当然不会指望你付钱。modal verb 
SURPRISE  惊奇  
■used to express surprise in sentences that are in the form of questions 
  （用于问句中表示惊讶）竟然，怎么会
I was just getting off the bus when who should I see but my old school friend Pat!   我刚要下车时竟然看到了我的老同学派特！modal verb 
ADVISE  建议     UK 
■used after 'I' when giving advice 
  （用于 I 之后，表示给出建议）
I shouldn't worry about it if I were you.   如果我是你，我不会担心这件事。
I shouldn't (= I advise you not to) let it worry you.   我认为你不必担心。modal verb 
How should I know ? 
■I cannot be expected to know    我怎么会知道?
"Where's Mikey?" "How should I know? He's hardly ever in the office these days."   “米基在哪里?”“我怎么会知道?他这些日子几乎都不在办公室。”modal verb 
I should think not / so (too)! 
■said when you think what has been suggested is certainly not, or certainly is, the correct and expected thing    当然！／当然不！
"I bought her some flowers to say thank you." "I should think so too."   “我买了些花给她表示感谢。” “当然应该那样。”
"I don't like to drink more than one bottle of wine in an evening." "I should think not."   “我不喜欢晚上喝超过一瓶的葡萄酒。” “当然不能。”modal verb 
I should be so lucky! informal 
■said when what you want is extremely unlikely to happen    我要是那么走运就好了！
"You might win first prize." "I should be so lucky."   “你也许会中头奖。” “我要是那么走运就好了。”modal verb 
They should worry! humorous 
■said about or to someone who clearly has no need to worry    没甚么好担心的（说某人实际上没有必要担心）
She should worry! She hasn't a problem in the world.   她担心甚么？她根本就没有问题。modal verb 
you should have seen/heard sth/sb 
■seeing or hearing something or someone would have interested or entertained you very much    你真该看看／听听
You should have seen her - she was furious!   你真该看看她那时的模样——她大发脾气！



★☆☆   shoulder
—————————————————
UK noun 
BODY PART  身体部位  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■one of the two parts of the body at each side of the neck which join the arms to the rest of the body    肩，肩膀，肩部
I rested my head on her shoulder.   我把头靠在她的肩上。
Then she put her arm round my shoulder and gave me a kiss.   接着她用手臂搂住我的肩，给了我一个吻。
She glanced nervously over her shoulder to make sure no one else was listening.   她不安地回头扫了一眼，以确认没有人在听。
shoulders [plural] 
■the top part of a person's back    双肩；上背部
He was about six feet tall with broad shoulders.   他大约六呎高，双肩宽阔。
"I don't know what to do about it, " said Martha, shrugging her shoulders.   “我不知道该如何处理这件事，”玛莎耸耸肩说道。
■the parts of a piece of clothing which cover the wearer's shoulders 
  （衣服的）肩部
The shoulders look a bit tight. Do you want to try a larger size?   肩部看起来有点紧。你想试试尺寸大一点的吗？
a jacket with padded shoulders   有垫肩的夹克
countable 
■the part of a bottle that curves out below its opening    瓶肩（瓶颈下面扩大的部分）
countable US for    * hard shoulder UK noun 
RESPONSIBILITY  责任  
sb's shoulders 
■used to refer to the responsibility that someone has or feels for something 
  （责任在）…的肩上，…承担
A huge burden was lifted from my shoulders (= I became much less worried) when I told my parents about my problem.   我把自己的问题告诉父母后，感到如释重负。
Responsibility for the dispute rests squarely on the shoulders of the president.   调解争端的责任完全落在主席的肩上。UK noun 
MEAT  肉  
countable or uncountable 
■a piece of meat which includes the upper part of an animal's front leg 
  （动物身上包括前腿上半部的）肩肘肉，前腿肉
I've bought a shoulder of lamb for Sunday lunch.   我买了块羊肩肉，用来做星期天的午餐。UK noun 
a shoulder to cry on 
■someone who is willing to listen to your problems and give you sympathy, emotional support and encouragement    可以倾诉的对象，可以向其寻求安慰的人
I wish you'd been here when my mother died and I needed a shoulder to cry on.   我母亲去世的时候，你要是在这里就好了，我当时需要一个可以给我安慰的人。UK noun 
shoulder to shoulder 
■If people are shoulder to shoulder, they are close together and next to each other    肩并肩地
The refugees were packed shoulder to shoulder on the boat.   难民们肩挨着肩挤在船上。UK noun 
stand shoulder to shoulder with sb 
■to give someone or a group of people complete support during a difficult time    站在（某人）一边，全力支持（某人）UK verb 
ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY  承担责任  
shoulder the blame/burden/responsibility/cost, etc. 
■to accept that you are responsible for something bad or difficult    承受谴责／承受重负／承担职责／承担费用等
It is women who mainly shoulder responsibility for the care of elderly and disabled relatives.   都是女人承担照顾老人和残疾亲属的主要责任。
Teachers cannot be expected to shoulder all the blame for poor exam results.   考试成绩不理想，责任不能全部归到老师身上。UK verb 
BODY PART  身体部位  
transitive 
■to put something on your shoulders to carry it    用肩扛
Shouldering her pack, she strode off up the road.   她背起背包，大步上路。
transitive + adverb or preposition 
■to push something with one of your shoulders    用肩推，用肩顶
She was carrying two suitcases and had to shoulder the door open.   她手提着两个箱子，不得不用肩膀把门顶开。
He shouldered his way (= formed a way through by pushing with his shoulders) to the front of the crowd to get a better look.   他用肩膀开路挤到人群前面，以便看得更清楚。



★☆☆   shoulder bag 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a bag that hangs on a strap from the shoulder, especially one used for carrying small personal things 
  （尤用于装小件个人物品的）有肩带的肩背包



★☆☆   shoulder blade
—————————————————
(specialized scapula) 
noun countable 
■a large flat triangular bone on each side of your back below your shoulder, which helps to increase the range of movement of your arm    肩胛骨



★☆☆   shoulder-length
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■If your hair is shoulder-length, it goes down as far as your shoulders. 
  （头发）长及肩部的，齐肩的，披肩的



★☆☆   shoulder pad 
—————————————————
noun countable usually plural 
■a small piece of a soft material that is put into the shoulder of a piece of clothing to raise it or improve its shape    垫肩



★☆☆   shoulder strap 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a narrow strip of material on a bag or a piece of clothing which hangs over the wearer's shoulder and holds the bag or clothing in position 
  （提袋或衣服的）肩带，背带



★☆☆   shouldn't
—————————————————
short form of 
 ESSENTIAL  
■should not 
You shouldn't do things like that.   你不该那样做。



★☆☆   should've
—————————————————
short form of 
 IMPROVER  
■should have 
You should've come to the party last night, Manya.   曼雅，你昨晚应该来参加派对。



★☆☆   shout
—————————————————
verb 
USE LOUD VOICE  大声喊  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive 
■to speak with a very loud voice, often as loud as possible, usually when you want to make yourself heard in noisy situations, or when the person you are talking to is a long way away or cannot hear very well    大声说；喊叫；呼喊
There's no need to shout, I can hear perfectly well.   没有必要大声喊叫，我完全听得见。
[+ speech] "I'll see you tomorrow, " shouted Eleni above the noise of the helicopter.   “明天见，”埃莱尼大声喊道，声音盖过了直升机的轰鸣。
[+ that] He shouted from the bottom of the garden that he'd be finished in about half an hour.   他在花园的尽头高声喊道，他大约半个小时之内就会完成。
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to express strong emotions, such as anger, fear or excitement, or to express strong opinions, in a loud voice 
  （因愤怒、恐惧或激动等而）吼叫，大声叫嚷
Dad really shouted at me when I broke the window.   我打碎了窗户后，父亲对着我大吼大叫。
He shouted abuse at the judge after being sentenced to five years imprisonment.   被宣判五年监禁之后，他大声辱骂法官。
The fans were screaming and shouting out the names of the band members.   歌迷们不停地尖叫着，大声喊着乐团成员的名字。
[+ to infinitive] I shouted at him to put the gun down.   我大叫着要他把枪放下。
[+ speech] "Stop this childish nonsense at once!" he shouted furiously.   “马上停止这种幼稚的胡说八道！”他怒不可遏地吼道。
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive 
■to try to attract attention in a loud voice    呼唤，呼喊（以引起注意）
I heard them shouting for help , but there was nothing I could do.   我听见他们呼救，但我真是爱莫能助。
figurative It's the charities that shout loudest (= attract the most public attention) that often get given the most money.   最大声呼吁的慈善团体得到的捐款往往也最多。verb 
DRINKS  饮料  
transitive + two objects Australian informal 
■to buy a drink for someone    为某人买一杯饮料
I'll shout you a drink.   我替你买一杯饮料。verb 
something/nothing to shout about informal 
■something that makes/does not make you feel excited or pleased    令人激动（或高兴）的事／不值得激动（或高兴）的事
At last, a 5-0 victory gives England's supporters something to shout about.   最后，五比零的胜利着实让英格兰队的支持者欢呼雀跃。
The pay increase is nothing to shout about, but it's better than last year's.   今年的加薪并不令人满意，但是比去年的好。verb 
within shouting distance 
■very close    在附近；很近
We live within shouting distance of the station.   我们就住在车站附近。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shout sb down 
■to prevent someone who is speaking at a meeting from being heard, by shouting    以叫喊声盖过（某人）的声音
She was shouted down when she tried to speak on the issue of abortion.   她试图谈论堕胎议题时，声音被叫喊声淹没了。noun countable 
LOUD VOICE  大声  
■when you say something very loudly or make a very loud sound with your voice    喊叫；喊声
Her speech was interrupted by angry shouts from the audience.   她的演讲被听众愤怒的喊叫声所打断。noun countable 
DRINKS  饮料     UK informal 
■a set of drinks for a group of people, or a particular person's turn to buy them    请客的酒；轮到买酒请客
Would you like another drink? It's my shout since you bought the last ones.   你还想再来一杯吗?上几杯是你请的，这次我请。noun countable 
give sb a shout informal 
■to tell someone    告诉（某人）一声
Give me a shout when you've finished in the bathroom.   你洗完澡后告诉我一声。



★☆☆   shouting
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■shouts    喊叫；喊声
We could hear shouting in the street outside.   我们能听见外面街道上的喊叫声。



★☆☆   shouting match
—————————————————
informal disapproving 
noun countable 
■an argument which involves people shouting at each other because they have very strong opinions    大声吵嚷的争论
The meeting soon degenerated into a shouting match.   会议很快沦为一场争吵。



★☆☆   shouty
—————————————————
UK adjective informal 
■involving a lot of shouting    充满叫喊的；充斥着呼叫的
shouty music   闹嚷嚷的音乐
■Someone who is shouty shouts a lot because they get angry very easily.    易怒吵闹的（某人经常呼喊，因为他极容易生气）



★☆☆   shove
—————————————————
verb 
PUSH  推  
intransitive or transitive 
■to push someone or something forcefully    推，推挤，推撞
She was jostled and shoved by an angry crowd as she left the court.   她离开法庭时，被愤怒的人群推来搡去。
Just wait your turn - there's no need to shove.   请按顺序等——没必要挤来挤去。
Reporters pushed and shoved as they tried to get close to the princess.   记者们推来挤去，想靠近公主身边。verb 
PUT  放  
transitive + adverb or preposition informal 
■to put something somewhere in a hurried or careless way    乱放；随便放；乱丢
I'll just shove this laundry in the washer before we go out.   我们出去之前，我要把这些待洗的衣服扔到洗衣机里。
"Where should I put this suitcase?" "Shove it down there for the moment."   “我该把这个手提箱放哪里?”“暂时先随便放在那里吧。”
They can't just shove motorways anywhere they like, you know.   你知道，他们不能随便想在甚么地方建高速公路就在甚么地方建。verb 
MOVE BODY  移动身体  
intransitive + adverb or preposition informal 
■to move your body to make space for someone else    移动身体，挪动身体（以腾出地方）
Shove over/along , Lena, and make some room for me.   莉娜，请挪一挪，让点地方给我。
UK Why don't you shove up so that Brian can sit next to you?   你为甚么不挪一下？这样布莱恩就可以坐在你身边了。verb 
shove it slang 
■a rude expression showing you have no respect for someone or for something that they have said    去他妈的，见鬼去吧
When I told him he'd have to work harder, he said I could take the job and shove it.   我告诉他工作要再努力些，他叫我自己去做，他不稀罕。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   shove sb around/about 
■to push someone forcefully, in an unpleasant and threatening way    将（某人）推来撞去，对（某人）推推撞撞
The older boys at school are always shoving him around.   学校里年龄大一点的男孩总是对他推推撞撞的。
■informal 
■to tell someone what to do, in a rude or threatening way    随意差使；摆布
Don't let them shove you around. You've got to stand up for your rights.   别任由他们摆布，你应该振作维护自己的权利。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   Shove off! informal 
■used to tell someone angrily to go away    走开！
Just shove off, will you?   走开，好吗？verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   shove off 
■to leave land in a boat, usually by pushing against the land with your foot or an oar 
  （通常用脚或桨撑岸）推船离开；离岸
She jumped into the dinghy and shoved off.   她跳进小艇，离岸而去。noun countable 
■when you shove someone or something    推，推挤
Would you help me give the piano a shove?   你能帮我推一下钢琴吗？



★☆☆   shovel
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a tool consisting of a wide square metal or plastic blade, usually with slightly raised sides, fixed to a handle, for moving loose material such as sand, coal or snow    铲
■a similar part on a large machine, for picking up and holding loose material 
  （大机器的）铲斗
■(also shovelful) 
■the amount of something that can fit on a shovel    一铲（的量）
Should I put another shovelful of coal on the fire?   我需要往火上再加一铲煤吗?verb intransitive or transitive (-ll- or US USUALLY -l-)
■to move with a shovel    铲起；用铲子移动或移开
Would you give me a hand shovelling the snow away from the garage door?   你能帮我把车库门前的雪铲走吗？verb intransitive or transitive (-ll- or US USUALLY -l-)
shovel sth into your mouth (also shovel sth down) 
■to put large quantities of food into your mouth very quickly    把（大量食物）很快地塞进嘴里；大口地吃，狼吞虎咽地吃
He was sitting in front of the TV shovelling down a pizza.   他正坐在电视机前大口地吃着比萨。



★☆☆   show
—————————————————
UK verb (showed, shown)
MAKE SEEN  使被看见  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to make it possible for something to be seen    给…看；出示；显示
[+ two objects] I must show you this new book I've just bought.   我一定要给你看看我刚买的这本新书。
On this map, urban areas are shown in grey.   在这张地图上，城区用灰色表示。
You ought to show that rash to your doctor.   你应该让医生看看那些疹子。
[+ obj + question word] Why won't you show me wh at you've got in your hand?   为甚么不让我看你手里的东西?
[+ obj + -ing verb] The secretly filmed video shows the prince and princess kissing.   秘密拍摄的影带中出现了王子和王妃接吻的画面。
These photographs show the effects of the chemical on the trees.   这些照片显示了这种化学品对树木的影响。
He began to show signs of recovery.   他开始出现了好转的迹象。
"I've got a Victorian gold coin here." "Have you? Show me (= Allow me to see it)."   “我这里有一枚维多利亚时代金币。” “真的吗？让我看看。”UK verb (showed, shown)
RECORD  记录  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to record or express a number or measurement    记录，显示（数字或测量值）
The right-hand dial shows the temperature, and the left-hand one shows the air pressure.   右面的刻度显示温度，左面的刻度显示气压。
The company showed a loss of £2 million last year.   该公司去年亏损了200万英镑。
The latest crime figures show a sharp rise in burglaries.   最新的犯罪资料表示，破门盗窃案急遽增加。UK verb (showed, shown)
EXPLAIN  解释  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to explain something to someone, by doing it or by giving instructions or examples 
  （透过演示、示范）解释，说明
[+ question word] Can you show me how to set the video recorder?   你能教我如何设置录影机吗?
This dictionary contains many examples that show how words are actually used.   这本词典包括许多说明单词实际用法的例子。
Could you show me the way to the bus station?   你能告诉我去公车站怎么走吗？UK verb (showed, shown)
PROVE  证明  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to prove something or make the truth or existence of something known    证明；表明
[R] She has shown herself (to be) a highly competent manager.   她已经证明了自己是一个非常有能力的管理者。
His diaries show him to have been an extremely insecure person.   他的日记显示他一直是一个极不自信的人。
[+ (that)] The diaries show (that) he was very insecure.   日记显示他曾经极度没有自信。
Show me (that) I can trust you.   证明给我看，让我可以相信你。
[+ question word] Our research has shown (us) how little we know about this disease.   我们的研究显示，我们对这种疾病知之甚少。UK verb (showed, shown)
EXPRESS  表达  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to express ideas or feelings using actions or words    表达；表现
He finds it difficult to show affection.   他发现表达爱意很难。
She showed enormous courage when she rescued him from the fire.   她把他从火里救出来时，表现出了极大的勇气。
[+ two objects] You should show your parents more respect/show more respect to your parents.   你应该对你的父母更尊重一些。UK verb (showed, shown)
NOTICEABLE  显著的  
 ADVANCED  intransitive 
■to be easy to see or notice    显眼；容易看到（或注意到）
"Oh no, I've spilt red wine on my jacket!" "Don't worry, it doesn't show."   “啊，糟了，我把葡萄酒洒到夹克上了！”“没事，看不出来。”
Whatever she's thinking, she never lets it show.   不管她在想甚么，她从不表现出来。
I've painted over the graffiti twice, but it still shows through.   我已把这些涂鸦粉刷过两遍了，可是仍然看得出来。
The drug does not show up in blood tests because it is effective in very small quantities.   血液检验不会发现这些药物，因为只需极小的剂量它就能发挥作用。
When we moved in, the house hadn't been decorated for twenty years, and it showed.   我们搬进去时，那房子已有20年没有装修了，这看得出来。
⇨ See also show up
show your age 
■to look as old as you really are    显出老态；显出真实年龄
Recently, he's really starting to show his age.   最近，他真的开始显出老态了。UK verb (showed, shown)
PUBLIC EVENT  公共活动  
transitive 
■to make an artist's work available for the public to see    展出，展览，陈列（艺术作品）
Our aim is to make it easier for young unknown artists to show their work.   我们的目的是方便不知名的年轻艺术家展出他们的作品。
intransitive or transitive 
■If a cinema or a television station shows a film or programme, or if a film or programme is showing somewhere, you can see it there    放映；播出；演出
It's the first time this film has been shown on British television.   这是该电影首次在英国电视上播出。
Now showing at a cinema near you!   各大影院正在上映！UK verb (showed, shown)
ARRIVE  到达  
intransitive mainly US 
■to show up (ARRIVE)    到达；露面UK verb (showed, shown)
LEAD  引导  
transitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to take someone somewhere by going there with them    给…带路，带领
Could you show Dr Sanchez into the living room?   你能带桑切斯博士去起居室吗?
The waiter showed us to our table.   服务员带我们到餐桌前。UK verb (showed, shown)
FAIL TO HIDE  未能隐藏  
transitive 
■to fail to hide, or to make it possible to see or know something that is not intended to be seen or known    露出，显露
Your shirt's so thin that it shows your bra.   你的衬衫太薄，里面的胸罩都透出来了。
Light-coloured carpets show the dirt.   浅色地毯不耐脏。
[+ question word] His failure in the exams shows (up) just how bad his teachers are.   他考试没过关，这正好显示他的老师们有多么糟糕。UK verb (showed, shown)
MAKE UNDERSTAND  使明白  
transitive + object + question word 
■to make someone understand something by directing their attention to it    指明；指出
Can you show me wh ere it hurts?   你能指给我看哪里痛吗?
Show me wh ich one you want.   指给我看你想要哪一个。UK verb (showed, shown)
have something/nothing to show for sth 
■If you have something/nothing to show for your work or effort, you have/have not won any advantage from it    从…中受益／一无所获
I worked for two weeks, and fifty pounds was all I had to show for it.   我工作了两星期，所得到的酬劳只有50英镑。
I've been trying to write this essay all day and I've got nothing to show for it.   我一整天都在努力写这篇文章，可是没甚么进展。UK verb (showed, shown)
show your face 
■to appear somewhere when you are not expected to because you have done something bad    露面，出现，现身
How dare you show your face in here after saying all those dreadful things!   说了那么些难听的话之后，你竟然还敢在这里出现！UK verb (showed, shown)
show your hand 
■to allow people to know about intentions that you had previously kept secret    摊牌；表明自己的意图
Keep the names of the team secret - don't show your hand until the day of the match.   球队的名称要保密——比赛那天再宣布。UK verb (showed, shown)
show sb the door 
■to make it obvious that you do not want someone to be present and that they should leave    赶走某人；请某人离开；给某人下逐客令
When I told my bank manager that I wanted to borrow £100 000, she showed me the door.   我告诉银行经理我想借十万英镑时，她直接叫我走人。UK verb (showed, shown)
show (sb) the way 
■to do something original which others are likely to copy 
  （为某人）指明方向；（为某人）树立榜样
Sweden has shown the way forward on energy efficiency.   瑞典在提高能源效率方面是典范。UK verb (showed, shown)
that will show sb informal 
■said of an action which you intend as a punishment for someone who has done something wrong 
  （某人）等着瞧
The next time she's late home, I'll throw her dinner away. That'll show her!   下一次她再晚回家的话，我会把她的晚餐扔掉。她就等着瞧吧！UK verb (showed, shown)
  Phrasal Verbs   show off 
 ADVANCED 


show 1	* to behave in a way which is intended to attract attention or admiration, and which other people often find annoying 
炫耀，卖弄
She only bought that sports car to show off and prove she could afford one.   她买那辆跑车只是为了炫耀她买得起。
He's always showing off to his classmates.   他老是在同学面前炫耀。UK verb (showed, shown)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] show sth/sb off 
■to show something or someone you are proud of to other people, so that they will admire them    炫耀；夸耀
She likes to wear short skirts to show off her legs.   她喜欢穿短裙以炫耀她的双腿。UK verb (showed, shown)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] show sb out 
■to go to the door of the building with someone who does not live or work there, when they are leaving    送（客人）出门
If you'd like to come this way, I'll show you out.   请往这边走，我送您出去。UK verb (showed, shown)
  Phrasal Verbs   [R] show yourself out 
■to leave a building in which you do not live or work, without anyone going to the door with you    自己离开
Don't get up - I'll show myself out.   不用起来——我自己走。UK verb (showed, shown)
  Phrasal Verbs   show sb over sth UK 
■to lead someone around a place that they are visiting in a formal or official way, while telling them about it    带（某人）参观，带（某人）看；带（某人）察看
After lunch the VIPs will be shown over the new Arts Centre.   午餐后，将会带贵宾们参观新艺术中心。UK verb (showed, shown)
  Phrasal Verbs   show sb round/around (sth) 
■to go with someone to all parts, or the main parts, of a place that they have not visited before, so that they can see what it is like or learn about it    带（某人）参观
Let me know when you're coming to Cambridge and I'll show you around.   你来剑桥时请通知我，我会带你四处参观一下。
A guide showed us round the exhibition.   一位导游带我们参观了展览。UK verb (showed, shown)
  Phrasal Verbs   show up (mainly US show) informal  ADVANCED  
■to arrive somewhere in order to join a group of people, especially late or unexpectedly 
  （尤指迟些时候或出其不意地）到达，露面
I invited him for eight o'clock, but he didn't show up until nine-thirty.   我请他八点钟来，但是他直到九点半才露面。
We were expecting thirty people to come, but half of them never showed up.   我们以为会来30人，但有一半人根本没露面。UK verb (showed, shown)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] show sb up 
■to behave in a way which makes someone you are with feel ashamed or embarrassed    使（某人）难堪，使（某人）尴尬
I wish you wouldn't show me up in front of my parents by getting so drunk.   我希望你不要醉成这样，让我在我父母面前难堪。UK noun 
ENTERTAINMENT  娱乐  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a theatrical performance or a television or radio programme which is entertaining rather than serious    演出；节目
a radio/television/stage show   电台节目／电视节目／舞台演出
a quiz/game show   益智竞赛／游戏节目
Why don't we go to London on Saturday and see a show?   我们星期六为甚么不去伦敦看场演出呢？
We had to raise £60 000 to stage the show.   我们得筹措六万英镑来上演该剧。
We had a puppet show for Jamie's birthday party.   我们在杰米的生日派对上看了一场木偶戏。
⇨ See also roadshowUK noun 
PUBLIC EVENT  公共活动  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■an event at which a group of related things are available for the public to look at    展出，展览
a fashion/flower show   时装／花卉展
There were some amazing new cars at the motor show.   车展上展出了一些令人惊叹的新车型。
They put on a retrospective show of his work at the National Museum of American Art.   他们在美国国家艺术博物馆为他举行了一次作品回顾展。
⇨ See also airshow;peepshow;roadshow;showjumping;sideshow
on show 
■Something that is on show has been made available for the public to look at    在展出
Her sculptures will be on show at the museum until the end of the month.   她的雕塑作品将会在博物馆中展览至月底。UK noun 
EXPRESSION  表达  
countable 
■when you express a particular idea or feeling to others    表达；表现；显示
In an unexpected show of solidarity, the management and workers have joined forces to campaign against the closure of the factory.   管理阶层和工人们出人意料地团结一致，共同反对关闭工厂。
Over 100 military vehicles paraded through the capital in a show of strength.   100多辆军车列队驶过首都以展示实力。
a good/poor, etc. show 
■an activity or piece of work which appears to be done with great, little, etc. effort    良好／不好等的表现
She may not have won, but she certainly put up a good show.   尽管她没有获胜，但她的确表现不俗。UK noun 
FALSE APPEARANCE  假像  
countable 
■an appearance of something which is not really sincere or real    装出的样子；假像
Despite its public show of unity, the royal family had its share of disagreements just like any other.   尽管在大众面前表现得很团结，实际上王室和其他家庭一样也存在着分歧。
They put on a show of being interested, but I don't think they really were.   他们假装很感兴趣，但我认为其实并非如此。
for show 
■Something that is for show has no practical value and is used only to improve the appearance of something else    装装门面；作为摆设
Do the lights on this cassette deck have any useful function or are they just/only for show?   这台卡带式答录机上的灯是有甚么实际用处呢，还是仅仅作为装饰？UK noun 
ACTIVITY  活动  
uncountable informal 
■an activity, business or organization, considered in relation to who is managing it    活动；事务；机构
Who will run the show when Meg retires?   梅格退休后谁来负责此事？
The wedding is their show - let them do it their way.   婚礼是他们的事——让他们按自己的方式办吧。UK noun 
get the/this show on the road informal 
■to begin an activity that has been planned    开始行动，开始着手；出发
Come on, let's get this show on the road or we'll be late.   快一点，我们赶快出发吧，否则就来不及了。UK noun 
The show must go on. saying 
■said to encourage someone to continue with what they are doing, even if they are experiencing difficulties    戏还得照演；事情还得继续做下去



★☆☆   show-and-tell
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a school activity for young children in which a child brings an object into the class and talks to the other children about it    展示和讲述（学校针对幼童的一种教学活动）



★☆☆   showbiz
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable    informal for 
■show business 



★☆☆   showboating
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a slightly annoying form of behaviour, especially in sport, which is intended to attract attention or admiration because it is very skilful    卖弄；炫耀（需要高超技艺，而稍为让人讨厌的行为，特别是在运动中，目的是吸引人们的注意或赞赏）
When he scored his fourth goal of the afternoon, we were forced to forgive his showboating and other antics.   当他在那天下午打进第四个球时，我们只好原谅他的卖弄行为及其他滑稽动作。



★☆☆   show business
—————————————————
(informal showbiz) 
noun uncountable 
■the entertainment business, especially the part which is considered to be popular but not very artistic or serious 
  （尤指流行但艺术性不高的）娱乐业，演艺界
Stars of the entertainment world turned out to celebrate his 40th year in show business.   演艺界的明星们参加了他进入演艺圈40周年的庆祝活动。
a charity dinner attended by a host of showbiz personalities   有众多娱乐界名人参加的慈善晚宴



★☆☆   showcase
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
CONTAINER  容器  
■a container with glass sides in which valuable or important objects are kept so that they can be looked at without being touched, damaged or stolen 
  （玻璃）陈列柜，展示橱UK noun countable 
OPPORTUNITY  机会  
■a situation or event which makes it possible for the best features of something to be seen    展示优点的场合（或机会）
The Venice Film Festival has always been the showcase of Italian cinema.   威尼斯电影节一直是展示义大利电影的绝好机会。
The exhibition is an annual showcase for British design and innovation.   该展览是展示英国设计和创新的年度盛会。UK verb transitive 
■to show the best qualities or parts of something    展示…的优点；充分展示
The main aim of the exhibition is to showcase British design.   该展览的主要目的是一展英国设计的风采。



★☆☆   showdown
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an important argument which is intended to end a disagreement that has existed for a long time    决定胜负的大辩论；摊牌
The President is preparing for a showdown with his advisers over his plans to reform the economy.   总统正在作准备，打算就他的经济改革计划和资政顾问们进行最后的放手一搏。
Millions of dollars were spent on lawyers in a courtroom showdown between the two companies.   两家公司在法庭的最后一战光在律师身上就花了数百万美元。



★☆☆   shower
—————————————————
UK noun 
WASHING DEVICE  洗浴设备  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a device which releases drops of water through a lot of very small holes and which you stand under to wash your whole body    淋浴器
The shower is broken - you'll have to have a bath.   淋浴器坏了——你得用浴缸洗澡了。
Many British homes have a shower attachment fixed to the bath taps.   英国的许多家庭都在浴缸龙头上安装了淋浴器。
a shower curtain/cap   浴帘／浴帽
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a wash using such a device    淋浴
Have I got time to (UK)have/(US)take a shower before we go out?   我们出去之前我还有时间冲个澡吗?
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a place, usually in a bathroom, where a shower is situated    淋浴间，淋浴室
He's in the shower at the moment. Would you like him to phone you back?   他现在正在冲澡。请他回电话给你好吗?UK noun 
RAIN  雨  
 ADVANCED  countable 
■a short period of rain or snow    阵雨；阵雪
showers of rain, hail and sleet   一阵阵的雨、冰雹和雨夹雪
You're soaked! Did you get caught in the shower?   你都湿透了！你遇上那场雨了吗?
There will be thundery/wintry showers over many parts of the country.   全国大部分地区将有雷阵雨／寒冷的阵雨。
Snow showers are expected at the end of the week.   周末将有阵雪。UK noun 
MASS  大量  
a shower of sth 
■a lot of small objects or drops of liquid coming through the air    一大批，一连串（从天而降的小颗粒物或液滴）
There was a bang and a shower of sparks.   一声巨响，闪过一片火花。
The pipe burst, sending out a shower of water.   管道爆裂了，喷出一阵水花。
■a large amount of something    大量的
She received a shower of praise from her colleagues.   她的同事都向她说了一大堆赞美的话。UK noun 
PARTY  派对  
countable US 
■a party held for a woman just before she gets married or gives birth to a child, when she is given presents for her future home or baby 
  （为即将结婚或分娩的妇女举行的）送礼会
I bought the cutest baby clothes to take to Jacey's baby shower.   我买了最漂亮的婴儿服去参加杰西孩子的送礼会。UK noun 
take / need a cold shower humorous 
■an expression used when someone needs to calm themselves when something has made them feel sexually excited    洗个冷水澡（一种措辞，当某人因某事而性兴奋时需要冷静下来）
Did you see the dress she was wearing? I think I'd better go and take a cold shower!   你看到她穿的裙子吗？我最好回家冲个冷水澡。UK verb 
FALL  落下  
intransitive or transitive [usually + adv/prep] 
■to fall down or come out in a shower    像阵雨般降落或抛洒
I heard a massive explosion, and seconds later fragments of glass were showering (= falling) down on us.   我听到了巨大的爆炸声，几秒钟后，玻璃碎片纷纷散落在我们身上。
She shook the bottle violently and showered us with champagne.   她用力晃动酒瓶，向我们喷洒香槟。UK verb 
WASH  洗浴  
intransitive 
■to take a shower    冲澡
I shower every morning.   我每天早上都要冲个澡。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   shower sb with sth (also shower sth on sb) 
■to give someone a lot of presents or praise    大量给予（某人）（礼物或赞美）
She only sees her niece occasionally, so she showers her with presents when she does.   她只能偶尔见到自己的侄女，因此见面时，她都送给她很多礼物。
His boss showered him with praise.   他的老板对他大加赞赏。




★☆☆   shower gel 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a type of thick liquid soap used for washing your body in the shower    沐浴液，沐浴乳



★☆☆   showerhead
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the part of a shower that water flows out of    莲蓬头（淋浴的零件，水从中流出）



★☆☆   showerproof
—————————————————
UK US  UK (US water-repellent) 
adjective 
■Showerproof clothing or material does not absorb water when it is raining lightly 
  （衣服或材料）防雨的
This coat isn't waterproof, but it is showerproof.   这件外套不防水，不过可以防小雨。



★☆☆   shower tea
—————————————————
Australian 
noun uncountable 
■a party held for a woman just before she gets married, at which usually female friends give her presents for her future home 
  （为即将结婚或分娩的妇女举行的）送礼会



★☆☆   showery
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes weather with light rain which is often not continuous    小雨的（描述小雨天气，通常小雨不会持续）
showery weather   阵雨天气



★☆☆   showgirl
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a young woman who sings or dances in a musical theatre entertainment    表演歌舞的女孩



★☆☆   show home/house
—————————————————
UK (US model house) 
noun countable 
■a new house or apartment which has been decorated and filled with furniture to show possible buyers of similar homes what the homes might be like when people are living in them    样品屋，示范单位



★☆☆   showing
—————————————————
UK noun 
PERFORMANCE  表现  
countable usually singular 
■the quality of someone's performance in a competitive activity 
  （某人在竞争活动中的）表现
She managed a good/strong showing in the world championship, but was knocked out in the semi-final.   她在世界锦标赛上表现非常出色，但在准决赛中被淘汰了。
She had a dismal showing in the opinion polls.   她在民意调查中表现不佳。UK noun 
PUBLIC EVENT  公共活动  
countable 
■an opportunity for the public to see something    放映；播放；展览
This is the film's first showing on British television.   这是该电影首次在英国电视上播放。



★☆☆   showjumper
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a rider or horse that takes part in show jumping    场地障碍赛赛马（或骑手）



★☆☆   showjumping
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a sport which involves riding horses in competitions which test their ability to jump quickly over large objects such as walls and fences 
  （马术运动中的）场地障碍赛



★☆☆   showman
—————————————————
UK US mainly approving 
noun countable 
■someone who is very good at entertaining people    表演家



★☆☆   shown
—————————————————
UK verb    past participle of 
■show



★☆☆   show-off
—————————————————
UK noun countable disapproving 
■a person who shows off (= behaves in a way intended to attract attention which other people often find annoying)    爱炫耀的人，喜欢卖弄的人
Jimena's such a show-off, she always wants to be the centre of attention.   希门娜是个很爱炫耀的人，她总是想成为人们注目的焦点。



★☆☆   show of hands 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■a vote in which people raise one of their hands to show that they support a suggestion    举手表决
Her re-election to the committee was defeated on a show of hands.   她想再次入选委员会，但在举手表决中未获通过。



★☆☆   showpiece
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an extremely good example of something, which deserves to be admired    榜样，范例
The hospital will be the new showpiece of the health service when it opens next year.   明年开业后，这家医院将成为医疗保健机构的示范楷模。



★☆☆   show pony
—————————————————
Australian 
noun countable 
■a person who appears to perform well, but has no real ability    只会作秀的人（某人似乎表演得好，但并无真实能力）



★☆☆   showroom
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a large shop in which people are encouraged to look at the goods that are on sale before buying them    展示厅，展销厅
a car showroom   汽车展销厅
Our complete range of carpets is on display in our showroom.   我们全系列的地毯都陈列在展示厅。



★☆☆   showstopper
—————————————————
UK US approving 
noun countable 
■a piece in a stage performance that the audience enjoy so much that their clapping and shouts of approval interrupt the performance    时常被热烈掌声打断的精彩表演



★☆☆   show trial 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a trial organized by a government in order to have an effect on public opinion and reduce political opposition, and not because it is interested in matters of justice 
  （并非出于公正目的、而是为影响大众舆论并减少政治阻力而举行的）公开审讯



★☆☆   showy
—————————————————
UK US disapproving 
adjective 
■attracting a lot of attention by being very colourful or bright, but without any real beauty    花俏的；招摇的；过分华丽的
a showy production of a play   过分矫饰的戏剧
Her dress was too showy for such a formal occasion.   在如此正式的场合，她的服饰过于花俏了。



★☆☆   shrank
—————————————————
verb    past simple of 
■shrink 



★☆☆   shrapnel
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■small pieces of metal that are scattered by a bomb or similar weapon when it explodes and are intended to injure people    炸弹碎片，弹片
Twelve people were hit by shrapnel in the attack.   袭击中共有12人被流弹击中。
a shrapnel wound   弹片伤



★☆☆   shred
—————————————————
noun 
SMALL AMOUNT  少量  
only singular 
■a very small amount of something    极少量，微量
There's still a shred of hope that a peace agreement can be reached.   达成和平协议仍存有一丝希望。
There isn't a shred of evidence to support her accusation.   关于她的指控没有丝毫证据可以支援。noun 
CUT  切  
countable usually plural 
■a very small thin piece that has been torn from something    细条，碎片
Cut the radishes into shreds to garnish the plates   将樱桃萝卜切成丝来装饰碟子。
in shreds 
■very badly torn    破碎的
My shirt was in shreds when I took it out of the washer.   我把内衣从洗衣机里拿出来时，它已经变成了碎布条。
■badly damaged    严重受损的
The report has left the prison governor's reputation in shreds.   该报告严重损害了监狱长的名誉。noun 
tear/rip sb/sth to shreds 
■to strongly criticize a person or something they do, think or say    猛烈抨击，将…批得体无完肤
The critics tore his performance to shreds.   评论家把他的表演批得体无完肤。
■to damage someone or something badly    严重伤害；严重损坏
My trousers were torn to shreds when I fell off my bike.   我从脚踏车上摔了下来，裤子破了好几个洞。verb transitive (-dd-)
■to cut or tear something roughly into thin strips    把…切（或撕）成细条；切碎；撕碎
Shred the lettuce and arrange it around the edge of the dish.   将莴苣切成丝，摆在盘子边缘。
shredded carrot/paper   切成丝的胡萝卜／切碎的纸
■to destroy a document by tearing it into strips, especially in a machine    粉碎销毁（文件）
He ordered his secretary to shred important documents when government inspectors started investigating his business affairs.   政府调查员开始调查他公司的业务时，他命令秘书将重要文件粉碎销毁。



★☆☆   shredder
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a tool or machine that is used for cutting things into very small pieces    切碎机
a paper/document/vegetable shredder   碎纸机／文件粉碎机／蔬菜切丝机
Much of the documentary evidence against her had been put through the shredder before she was arrested.   她被捕前，许多对她不利的书面证据都被放进了碎纸机。



★☆☆   shrew
—————————————————
noun countable 
ANIMAL  动物  
■an animal like a small mouse but with a longer pointed nose and small eyes    鼩鼱（形似小老鼠，只是鼻子更尖、更长，眼小）noun countable 
WOMAN  妇女     old-fashioned disapproving 
■an unpleasant woman who is easily annoyed and who argues a lot    悍妇，泼妇



★☆☆   shrewd
—————————————————
 approving 
adjective 
■having or based on a clear understanding and good judgment of a situation, resulting in an advantage    明智的；精明的
[+ to infinitive] He was shrewd enough not to take the job when there was the possibility of getting a better one a few months later.   没有接受那份工作算他聪明，因为几个月后他有可能会得到更好的。
She is a shrewd politician who wants to avoid offending the electorate unnecessarily.   她是一个精明的政治家，想避免不必要地得罪选民。
It was a shrewd move to buy your house just before property prices started to rise.   在房地产价格开始攀升之前购买房子是个明智之举。



★☆☆   shriek
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a short, loud, high cry, especially one produced suddenly as an expression of a powerful emotion    尖叫
shrieks of delight   兴奋的尖叫
He suddenly let out a piercing shriek.   他突然发出一声刺耳的尖叫。verb intransitive or transitive 
■to make such a cry    尖叫
We shrieked with laughter when we realized how stupid we'd been.   意识到自己有多愚蠢时，我们大笑了起来。
I tried to apologize, but he just shrieked abuse at me.   我想道歉，但他却对着我大声辱骂。
[+ speech] "Don't you dare do that ever again!" she shrieked.   “你以后再那样做试试看！”她尖声嚷道。



★☆☆   shrill
—————————————————
adjective 
■having a loud and high sound that is unpleasant or painful to listen to 
  （声音）刺耳的，尖厉的
She had a shrill high-pitched voice.   她的声音尖锐而刺耳。
■disapproving 
■describes a way of arguing or criticizing that seems too forceful 
  （争论或批评）尖刻的，刻薄的
He launched a shrill attack on the Prime Minister.   他对首相进行了刻薄的批评。



★☆☆   shrimp
—————————————————
noun 
ANIMAL  动物  
countable or uncountable (plural shrimps or shrimp)    (UK also prawn) 
■a small sea animal with a thin shell, ten legs and long tail, or its pink curved body eaten as food    小海虾；（食用的）小虾仁
shrimp cocktail/paste   鲜虾冷盘／虾酱noun 
PERSON  人  
countable (plural shrimps)    informal disapproving 
■an extremely short person    矮子，矬子



★☆☆   shrine
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a place for worship which is holy because of a connection with a holy person or object    圣地；神龛；圣坛；神殿
Islam's most sacred shrine is at Mecca in Saudi Arabia.   伊斯兰教最神圣的圣殿位于沙乌地阿拉伯的麦加。
■a special place in which you remember and praise someone who has died, especially someone famous 
  （尤指名人的）纪念之所
She's turned her bedroom into a shrine to the dead pop star and covered the walls with pictures of him.   她把自己的卧室变成了纪念那位已故流行歌星的地方，墙上贴满了他的照片。



★☆☆   shrink
—————————————————
verb (shrank, shrunk)
BECOME SMALLER  变小  
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■to become smaller, or to make something smaller 
  （使）缩小，（使）变小
Your sweater will shrink if you wash it at too high a temperature.   用温度过高的水洗毛衣，毛衣会缩水。
The company's profits have shrunk from £5.5 million to £1.25 million.   公司利润从550万英镑减少到了125万英镑。
The productivity improvements have shrunk our costs by 25%.   生产率的提高使我们的成本下降了25%。
⇨ See also shrunkenverb (shrank, shrunk)
BE FRIGHTENED  受惊吓  
intransitive usually + adverb or preposition literary 
■to move away from someone or something because you are frightened    畏缩，退缩
The child shrank behind the sofa as his father shouted at him.   孩子在父亲对着他吼叫时退缩到了沙发后面。
When she was younger she would shrink (away) from me whenever I spoke to her.   她年纪更小一些的时候，我一和她说话她就会退缩。verb (shrank, shrunk)
  Phrasal Verbs   shrink from sth 
■to avoid doing something that is unpleasant or difficult    逃避，躲避（令人不快或困难的事）
We must not shrink from our responsibilities.   我们一定不能逃避责任。
[+ -ing verb] We will not shrink from using force.   我们不会放弃使用武力。noun countable informal 
■a psychiatrist or psychoanalyst 
I was so depressed that I ended up going to see a shrink.   我太郁闷了，最后不得不去找心理医生看看。



★☆☆   shrinking violet
—————————————————
informal 
noun countable 
■a person who is very shy or modest and does not like to attract attention    腼腆的人，羞怯的人
She loves appearing on television and is no shrinking violet when it comes to expressing her views.   她喜欢上电视，而且在表达观点时毫不羞怯。



★☆☆   shrink-wrap
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a thin transparent plastic material which tightly covers the thing that it is wrapped around, used for protecting goods when they are being transported or sold    收缩塑胶薄膜；保鲜膜



★☆☆   shrivel
—————————————————
 (-ll- or US USUALLY -l-)
verb    intransitive or transitive 
■to become dry, smaller and covered with lines as if by crushing or folding, or to make something do this 
  （使）枯萎；（使）干枯；（使）皱缩
The lack of rain has shrivelled the crops.   雨水不足，农作物枯萎了。
You ought to pick those lettuces before they shrivel (up) and die.   你应该在那些生菜枯死之前收割。
intransitive 
■to become much smaller than is needed or wanted    缩小；萎缩
Profits are shrivelling as the recession gets worse.   随着经济衰退的加剧，利润不断萎缩。



★☆☆   shroud
—————————————————
noun countable 
CLOTH  布  
■a cloth or long loose piece of clothing that is used to wrap a dead body before it is buried    裹尸布noun countable 
HIDE  隐藏  
■a layer of something which covers or surrounds something    遮蔽物；罩；幕
Everything was covered in a thick shroud of dust.   所有东西上都积了厚厚的一层尘土。
■a situation which prevents something from being known or understood    谜局
The truth about the accident remains hidden beneath a shroud of secrecy.   事故的真相一直是个谜。verb transitive 
■to hide something by covering or surrounding it    遮蔽；覆盖；隐藏
Visitors have complained about the scaffolding that shrouds half the castle.   游客们抱怨应架遮蔽了半个城堡。
Suddenly all the lights went out and the house was shrouded in darkness.   突然，所有的灯都灭了，房子笼罩在一片黑暗中。
The mist shrouding the valley had lifted by eight o'clock.   笼罩着山谷的薄雾在八点时散去了。verb transitive 
be shrouded in secrecy/mystery 
■to be a matter about which very little is known or understood    成了一个谜，笼罩在谜团中
Her whereabouts have been shrouded in secrecy since she received the death threat.   自从收到死亡威胁后，她的行踪就成了一个谜。



★☆☆   Shrove Tuesday
—————————————————
UK  US [&#x2CC;&#x283;ro&#x28A;v'tu:z-/ (UK also Pancake Day) 
noun countable or uncountable 
■the day before the Christian period of Lent begins 
  （基督教的）忏悔星期二（大斋节首日的前一天）



★☆☆   shrub
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a large plant with a rounded shape formed from many small branches growing either directly from the ground or from a hard woody stem, grown in gardens    灌木
She planted some roses and other flowering shrubs.   她种了一些玫瑰及其他一些开花灌木。
⇨ See also bush



★☆☆   shrubbery
—————————————————
UK noun 
countable 
■a part of a garden where a lot of shrubs have been planted 
  （花园中的）灌木种植区
uncountable 
■a group of shrubs    灌木丛；灌木林



★☆☆   shrug
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive (-gg-)
 ADVANCED  
■to raise your shoulders and then lower them in order to say you do not know or are not interested 
  （表示不知道或不感兴趣）耸（肩）
"Where's Dad?" "How should I know?" replied my brother, shrugging.   “爸爸在哪里？”“我怎么知道？”哥哥耸了耸肩，答道。
He shrugged his shoulders as if to say that there was nothing he could do about it.   他耸了耸肩，好像在说他对此无能为力。
figurative Thousands of people are starving to death while the world shrugs its shoulders (= shows no interest or care).   成千上万的人濒于饿死，世人却无动于衷。verb intransitive or transitive (-gg-)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shrug sth off 
NOT WORRY  
■to treat something as if it is not important or not a problem    对…满不在乎；对…不予理睬
The stock market shrugged off the economic gloom and rose by 1.5%.   股市没有受到经济不景气的影响，上涨了1.5%。
You're a father and you can't simply shrug off your responsibility for your children.   你是一位父亲，不能推卸对孩子们的责任。
NOT KEEP  
■to get rid of something unpleasant that you do not want    摆脱
I hope I can shrug off this cold before I go on holiday.   我希望我在渡假之前能摆脱这次感冒（即希望感冒能好）。
The city is trying to shrug off its industrial image and promote itself as a tourist centre.   这个城市正在努力摆脱其工业城市形象，力求提升其旅游中心的地位。
⇨ See also shake off at shakenoun countable 
SHOULDER MOVEMENT  肩动作  
■when you shrug your shoulders to express something    耸肩
"I'm afraid there's nothing I can do about your problem, " she said with a shrug.   “恐怕我对你的问题无能为力，”她耸了耸肩说道。
"Well, I suppose we'll just have to do what he says, " said Kim with a shrug of resignation.   “哦，我想我们只能按他说的去做，”金说着，无可奈何地耸了耸肩。noun countable 
CLOTHES  衣服  
■a short cardigan for women 
  （女式）短套领衫（一种女式短羊毛衫）



★☆☆   shrunk
—————————————————
verb    past participle of 
■shrink 
⇨ See also preshrunk



★☆☆   shrunken
—————————————————
adjective 
■smaller than before, and less important    缩小的；减少的；皱缩的
a shrunken old man   干瘪的老人
The company faces shrunken profits for the third year in succession.   该公司连续第三年面临利润减少。



★☆☆   shtick
—————————————————
 mainly US 
noun countable usually singular    (also schtick) 
■the type of humour typical of a comedian (= person whose job is to make people laugh) 
  （独特的）幽默风格；（某喜剧演员的）表演手法
Pratfalls and other physical gags are typical of Carey's shtick.   屁股着地摔倒和其他一些滑稽动作都是凯里的典型噱头。
■a particular ability, talent or behaviour that someone has and which they are well known for    特殊才能；独特风格；特色



★☆☆   shuck
—————————————————
 US 
verb transitive 
■to remove the shell or natural covering from something that is eaten    剥…的壳；去…的外皮
to shuck corn/oysters   剥玉米／牡蛎 US 
verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shuck sth off 
■to remove a piece of clothing, especially one that limits you    脱掉，脱去（衣物）
The lifeguard shucked off his sweatshirt.   救生员脱掉了他的运动衫。
■to get rid of something that limits you or causes you problems    摆脱
They seem to be able to just shuck off guilt.   他们似乎总能洗刷罪名。




★☆☆   shucks
—————————————————
 US informal 
exclamation 
■an expression of modesty , embarrassment, disappointment or anger 
  （表示谦虚、尴尬、失望、后悔或厌烦等）唉
"You played brilliantly in the concert." "Shucks, do you honestly think so?"   “你在音乐会上的表演很精彩。” “噢，你真的这么想吗?”
Shucks, I wish I could have gone to the party with Jessica.   唉，我要是和杰茜卡一起去参加派对就好了。
⇨ See also aw-shucks



★☆☆   shudder
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive 
 ADVANCED  
■to shake suddenly with very small movements because of a very unpleasant thought or feeling 
  （因有令人不快的想法或感觉而）战栗，发抖
The sight of so much blood made him shudder.   看到那么多的血，他不禁浑身颤抖。
She shuddered at the thought of kissing him.   她一想到亲吻他就禁不住发抖。
 ADVANCED  
■When something shudders, it shakes violently and quickly    剧烈震动
I heard a massive explosion and the ground shuddered beneath me.   我听到一声巨大的爆炸声，脚下的地面随之剧烈震动。
There was a screech of brakes and the bus shuddered to a halt (= shook violently and stopped).   伴随着一声尖厉的急煞车声，公车剧烈地晃动着停了下来。UK verb intransitive 
I shudder to think 
■said when you are worried about something unpleasant that might happen or might have happened    我一想到…就惴惴不安，我真不敢想
I shudder to think what my parents will say when I tell them I've failed my exams.   我真不敢想如果告诉父母自己没有通过考试他们会怎么说。UK verb intransitive 
shudder to a halt 
■If a system shudders to a halt, it suddenly stops working 
  （系统）突然失灵
The economy has shuddered to a halt because of the civil war.   内战使经济一下子陷入停滞。UK noun countable 
■when someone or something shudders    发抖，战栗
He gave a slight shudder as he considered how near he had come to death.   想到自己曾与死神那么接近，他禁不住微微发抖。
She recalled with a shudder how her boss had once tried to kiss her.   她回想起她的老板如何试图强吻她时，不禁浑身颤抖。
figurative Britain's second biggest supermarket chain has sent a shudder through (= has had a strong effect on) its rivals by slashing its prices.   英国的第二大连锁超市透过大幅降价给对手造成极大的震撼。UK noun countable 
send shudders /a shudder down your spine 
■to cause you to feel extremely worried or frightened    使（某人）不寒而栗
When I think of what might have happened in the accident, it sends shudders down my spine.   想到当时事故中可能出现的状况，我就不寒而栗。



★☆☆   shuffle
—————————————————
verb 
WALK  走  
intransitive + adverb or preposition transitive 
■to walk by pulling your feet slowly along the ground rather than lifting them    拖着脚走，曳足而行
I love shuffling through the fallen leaves.   我喜欢在落叶上曳足而行。
He shuffled into the kitchen, leaning on his walking stick.   他拄着手杖拖着脚走进厨房。
Don't shuffle your feet like that! Lift them properly.   不要那样拖着脚走路！把脚抬起来。
intransitive usually + adverb or preposition transitive 
■to move your feet or bottom around, while staying in the same place, especially because you are uncomfortable, nervous or embarrassed 
  （因不适、紧张或尴尬而）坐立不安，把脚动来动去
The woman in front of me kept shuffling around in her seat all the way through the performance.   演出期间，我前面的那个女人在座位上不停地动来动去。
When I asked him where he'd been, he just looked at the ground and shuffled his feet.   我问他去了甚么地方时，他只是看着地面，不停地摆动双脚。verb 
MOVE AROUND  来回移动  
transitive 
■to move similar things from one position or place to another, often to give an appearance of activity when nothing useful is being done    把…搬来搬去；把…移来移去
She shuffled her papers nervously on her desk.   她紧张地把桌上的文件移来移去。
Many prisoners have to be shuffled around police stations because of prison overcrowding.   因为监狱过分拥挤，许多囚犯只得在警察局之间来回移转。verb 
MIX CARDS  洗牌  
intransitive or transitive 
■to mix a set of playing cards without seeing their values before beginning a game, so that their order is not known to any of the players    洗（牌）
It's your turn to shuffle the cards.   该你洗牌了。verb 
shuffle off this mortal coil humorous 
■to die    牺牲生命，捐躯
My children can't wait for me to shuffle off this mortal coil so they can get their hands on their inheritance.   我的孩子不能等到我死后再取得遗产。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shuffle sth off literary 
■to get rid of something unwanted, usually by giving it to someone else    摆脱；推开（不想要的东西，通常透过将之给予别人）
Not until this turbulent region can shuffle off the burdens of the past will it be able to settle peacefully into the community of nations.   只有在这个动荡地区卸下其历史重担之后，它才能和平地建立一个民族共同体。
The local authority may then try to shuffle these responsibilities off onto another authority.   然后这个当地部门可能想将这些责任推给另一个部门。noun 
MOVE AROUND  来回移动  
countable 
■when things are moved around from one position to another    变换位置；移动
She gave her papers a quick shuffle.   她迅速地把档挪了一下位置。
countable mainly US    * a reshuffle noun 
MIX CARDS  洗牌  
countable 
■when you mix a set of playing cards before giving them out    洗牌；洗纸牌
Make sure you give the cards a good shuffle before you deal.   发牌前一定要好好洗洗牌。noun 
WALK  走  
only singular 
■when you walk by pulling your feet slowly along the ground rather than lifting them    拖着脚走，曳足而行
He's got arthritis and walks with a shuffle.   他得了关节炎，走路时拖着脚。



★☆☆   shufti
—————————————————
(also shufty) ['&#x283;&#x28A;f.ti]
noun UK old-fashioned informal 
have/take a shufti 
■to look at something quickly    浏览
Can I have a shufti at your paper?   我能浏览一下你的报纸吗？



★☆☆   shun
—————————————————
 (-nn-)
verb transitive 
■to avoid something    避开，避免
She has shunned publicity since she retired from the theatre.   告别舞台生涯后，她便远离了大众的注意。
■to ignore someone and not speak to them because you cannot accept their behaviour, beliefs, etc.    躲避，回避
After the trial he was shunned by friends and family alike.   审判后，朋友和家人都躲着他。



★☆☆   shunt
—————————————————
verb 
TRAINS  火车  
transitive 
■to move a train or carriage onto a different track in or near a station using a special railway engine designed for this purpose    使（火车或车厢）转辙verb 
MOVE  移动  
transitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to move someone or something from one place to another, usually because they are not wanted and without considering any unpleasant effects    把…转至，调往（另一地方）
I spent most of my childhood being shunted (about) between my parents who had divorced when I was five.   我五岁时父母离异，童年的大部分时间都辗转徘徊在离婚的父母之间。
He shunts his kids off to a camp every summer.   他每年夏天都送孩子们去参加夏令营。
Viewers are fed up with their favourite sitcoms being shunted to later times to make way for live football coverage.   因现场直播足球比赛而把深受观众喜爱的情景喜剧往后顺延，许多人对此表示不满。



★☆☆   shunter
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a small railway engine that is used for moving carriages around on the tracks rather than making journeys between stations    转辙器



★☆☆   shush
—————————————————
 informal 
exclamation 
■used to tell someone to be quiet    嘘（要某人保持安静）
Shush! I want to listen to the news.   嘘！我要听新闻。 informal 
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to (cause to) stop talking or making a noise 
  （使）停止喧闹；（使）停止说话
I wish you children would shush and let me read the paper in peace.   孩子们，我希望你们能安静下来，让我安安静静地看报纸。
He tried to shush the children.   他设法使孩子们安静下来。



★☆☆   shut
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive (shutting, shut, shut)
CLOSE  关闭  
 ESSENTIAL  
■to (cause to) close something 
  （使）关闭
Please shut the gate.   请关上大门。
I've got a surprise for you! Shut your eyes tightly and hold out your hand.   我要给你一个惊喜！紧紧闭上眼睛，伸出你的手。
Mary shut her book and put it down on the table.   玛丽阖上书，把它放在桌子上。
This window won't shut - it's jammed.   窗户关不起来——它卡住了。verb intransitive or transitive (shutting, shut, shut)
STOP OPERATING  停止运作  
 ESSENTIAL  
■to (cause to) stop operating or being in service, either temporarily or permanently 
  （使）停止运作；（使）停止营业
The shops shut at eight o'clock on Wednesday evenings.   商店每周三晚上八点钟打烊。
It's such a shame they shut that factory (down).   他们关闭那家工厂的确很可惜。verb intransitive or transitive (shutting, shut, shut)
shut your eyes to sth 
■to ignore something    对…视而不见
Until now the President has shut his eyes to the homelessness problem.   直到现在，总统仍对许多人无家可归这问题视而不见。verb intransitive or transitive (shutting, shut, shut)
shut your mouth/face (UK also shut your gob) slang 
■a rude and angry way of telling someone to stop talking    闭嘴，住嘴（粗鲁且愤怒的说法）
He told me to shut my mouth or there'd be trouble.   他叫我住嘴，否则就会有麻烦。
"You're a lazy slob!" "You shut your mouth (= Don't talk to me like that) !"   “你是个懒鬼！” “闭嘴！”verb intransitive or transitive (shutting, shut, shut)
shut up shop UK (mainly US close up shop) 
■to end an activity, usually a business activity, either temporarily or permanently    歇业；关门；停业
Many companies are considering shutting up shop in this country and transferring production to low wage economies.   许多公司都在考虑结束在该国的业务，将生产转向低工资国家。verb intransitive or transitive (shutting, shut, shut)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shut sb away 
■to put a person in a place which they are not allowed or able to leave    把（某人）关起来，使（某人）与外界隔绝
He was ten years old when he was shut away in an asylum for stealing an apple.   他十岁时因偷了一个苹果而被关进收容所。verb intransitive or transitive (shutting, shut, shut)
  Phrasal Verbs   shut sth away 
■to put something in a place where other people cannot see it or get it    隐藏，把…藏起来
The diamonds are shut away in a bank vault somewhere.   钻石被藏在银行保险库的某个地方。verb intransitive or transitive (shutting, shut, shut)
  Phrasal Verbs   [R] shut yourself away 
■to go into a place that you are unwilling to leave and where you do not want to be interrupted by other people    把自己关起来
Andy shuts himself away in his studio for hours on end when he's recording a song.   安迪录歌时会把自己关在录音室达数小时。verb intransitive or transitive (shutting, shut, shut)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shut (sth) down 
 ADVANCED  
■If a business or a large piece of equipment shuts down or someone shuts it down, it stops operating    关闭；（使）停止运作
The company plans to shut down four factories and cut 10 000 jobs.   公司计划关闭四个工厂，精简一万个工作名额。
The crew shut down the right-hand engine of the aircraft.   机组人员关闭了飞机右侧的引擎。verb intransitive or transitive (shutting, shut, shut)
  Phrasal Verbs   shut sb/sth in (sth) 
■to prevent someone or something from leaving a place, usually by closing or fastening a door or gate    防止逃脱，把…关起来，把…关在…里
The cat was shut in the garage all night.   猫在车库里被关了一整夜。
[R] He was so upset that he shut himself in his bedroom and refused to come out.   他很烦恼，就把自己关在卧室里，不肯出来。verb intransitive or transitive (shutting, shut, shut)
  Phrasal Verbs   shut sth in sth 
■to trap part of your body or an object inside a device or container when it closes    把…卡在…里；把…夹在…中
Steve was off work for a week after he shut his hand in the car door.   史蒂夫的手被车门夹伤后，他一个星期没有上班。verb intransitive or transitive (shutting, shut, shut)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shut (sth) off 
■If a machine or system shuts off, it stops operating, and if someone or something shuts it off, they stop it from operating    关机；关掉，关闭
The engine shuts off automatically when the desired speed is reached.   达到设定的速度后，引擎会自动关闭。verb intransitive or transitive (shutting, shut, shut)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shut sth off 
SUPPLY  
■to stop the supply of something    关闭（或切断）…的供应；停止供应
Did you remember to shut off the water and gas before you left the house?   离开房子的时候，你记得关掉水和煤气了吗?
Oil supplies have been shut off.   油品供应被切断了。
AREA  
■to prevent something from being reached or seen    把…封闭起来；将…隔离
The music room is shut off from the rest of the house by a soundproof partition.   隔音板把音乐间和屋内的其他房间隔开了。
A row of tall fir trees shuts off the view of the street in front.   一排高大的杉树挡住了前面的街景。verb intransitive or transitive (shutting, shut, shut)
  Phrasal Verbs   [R] shut yourself off 
■to stop speaking to other people or stop being involved with them    把自己封闭起来，不再和别人来往
When her husband died she seemed to shut her self off from her friends and family.   丈夫去世后，她似乎不再与她的朋友和家人来往了。verb intransitive or transitive (shutting, shut, shut)
  Phrasal Verbs   shut sb/sth out 
PREVENT ENTRY  
■to stop someone or something from entering or getting back inside a house or other building    阻止…进入，把…关在外面
The wind blew the door closed behind me and now I'm shut out (of the house).   风把我身后的门关上了，现在我被关在（房子的）外面。
Don't forget to shut the cat out when you leave for work.   出门上班时，不要忘记把猫关到门外。
NOT INCLUDE  
■to not include a person or organization in an activity    把…排除在外
Anna felt shut out of the conversation.   安娜觉得自己插不上话。
What are the chances of peace if we shut the terrorists out of negotiations?   如果将恐怖分子排除在谈判之外，和平的可能性有多大呢？verb intransitive or transitive (shutting, shut, shut)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shut sth out 
■to stop yourself thinking about something that upsets you or feeling something that hurts you    不再去想，停止想（不愉快的事情）
She finds it impossible to shut out the memory of the accident.   她发现自己不可能忘记那次意外。
■to prevent a sound or light from being heard or seen    阻挡，阻隔（声音或光）
The double glazing shuts out most of the traffic noise.   双层玻璃阻挡了大部分交通噪音。
She pulled the duvet over her head to try to shut out the light.   她拉起羽绒被蒙住头，试图挡住光线。verb intransitive or transitive (shutting, shut, shut)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shut sb out US 
■to prevent your competitor in a sports competition from scoring any points    不让（对手）得分；以对方得零分的比分淘汰
She had shut out two of her first four Wimbledon opponents by identical 6-0, 6-0 scores.   在温布顿网球公开赛首轮比赛中，她以两个六比零的比分淘汰了四名对阵选手中的两名。verb intransitive or transitive (shutting, shut, shut)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shut (sb) up informal 
 ADVANCED  
■to stop talking or making a noise, or to make someone do this 
  （使某人）闭嘴，（使某人）停止说话
I wish you'd shut up for a moment and listen to what the rest of us have to say.   我希望你能闭上嘴巴安静一会儿，听听我们其他人说甚么。
Just shut up and get on with your work!   快闭上嘴巴继续工作！
My dad never stops talking. It's impossible to shut him up!   我父亲话一直说不停。让他停下来简直是不可能的！
figurative If you breathe a single word to the police, we'll come round and shut you up for good (= kill you).   如果你向员警透露一个字，我们会回来让你永远闭上嘴。
■to stop someone from talking about a particular subject or from complaining or asking for things 
  （使某人）不再谈论（某话题）；堵住（某人）的嘴巴
The kids kept on about how hungry they were, so their father gave them some biscuits to shut them up.   孩子们总嚷嚷说自己饿了，于是他们的父亲给了一些饼干堵住他们的嘴。§/&#x283;&#x28C;t/


shut 1	 verb intransitive or transitive (shutting, shut, shut)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shut sb/sth up 
■to keep a person or animal in a closed place    把…关起来，囚禁
She can't spend her whole life shut up in her office.   她不能一辈子都呆在办公室里不出来。verb intransitive or transitive (shutting, shut, shut)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shut (sth) up UK 
■to close a shop or other business for a period of time, usually when business is finished for the day    关闭（商店等）；关门，打烊
By the time we got there, all the market traders were shutting up.   我们到那里的时候，所有的店铺都关门打烊了。adjective [after verb] 
 IMPROVER  
■closed    关闭的，关上的
I suspected something was wrong when I noticed her curtains were still shut at lunchtime.   我发现午饭时间她的窗帘还拉着，就怀疑出了甚么事。
figurative The government ought to have opened the door to Japanese investment instead of slamming it shut.   政府应该向日本的资金敞开大门而不是让其吃闭门羹。
⇨ See also open-and-shut



★☆☆   shutdown
—————————————————
noun countable 
■when a business or large piece of equipment stops operating, usually for a temporary period 
  （尤指暂时的）关闭；暂停运行
It's just a regular maintenance shutdown.   这只是一次定期保养停机。
The emergency shutdown procedure was activated.   紧急关闭程式启动了。



★☆☆   shuteye
—————————————————
UK  US old-fashioned informal 
noun uncountable 
■sleep    睡眠
You look exhausted! Try to get some shuteye on the train.   你看起来很疲惫！尽量在火车上睡一会儿吧。



★☆☆   shutout
—————————————————
UK US US 
noun countable 
■a situation in a sports competition in which a player or team wins without the other player or team scoring any points    输方一分未得的比赛



★☆☆   shutter
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
PHOTOGRAPHY  摄影  
■the part of a camera which opens temporarily to allow light to reach the film when a photograph is being taken 
  （照相机的）快门UK noun countable 
WINDOW COVER  护窗  
■a wooden cover on the outside of a window which prevents light or heat from going into a room or heat from leaving it    护窗板，百叶窗
Shutters usually come in pairs and are hung like doors on hinges.   护窗板通常是成对的，像门一样挂在铰链上。
■a metal covering which protects the windows and entrance of a shop from thieves when it is closed 
  （窗户的）防护栏；卷帘铁门



★☆☆   shuttle
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
VEHICLE  交通工具  
■a vehicle or aircraft that travels regularly between two places    穿梭运行的车辆；接驳车
To get across town, you can take the shuttle from Times Square to Grand Central.   要穿越市区，你可以乘坐从时代广场穿梭到中央车站的公车。
The American (space) shuttle can be used many times to put payloads in space.   美国的太空梭可以多次使用，向太空运送物品。UK noun countable 
THREAD  线     specialized 
■in weaving , a device which is used to carry the thread that goes across the cloth between the threads that go down the cloth    梭子UK verb intransitive or transitive [usually + adv/prep] 
■to travel or take people regularly between the same two places    往返穿梭；往返运送（人）
A small train shuttles constantly between the concourse and the runways.   一列小型火车往返于机场大厅和跑道之间。



★☆☆   shuttlecock
—————————————————
UK US  (informal shuttle) (US birdie) 
noun countable 
■a small light object with a rounded end to which real or artificial feathers are fixed and which is hit over the net in the game of badminton    羽毛球



★☆☆   shuttle diplomacy 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■discussions between two or more countries, in which someone travels between the different countries, talking to the governments involved, carrying messages and suggesting ways of dealing with problems    穿梭外交



★☆☆   shy
—————————————————
adjective 
NERVOUS  紧张  
 IMPROVER  (shyer, shyest)
■nervous and uncomfortable with other people    害羞的，羞怯的
He was too shy to ask her to dance with him.   他太害羞了，不敢邀请她跳舞。
She gave a shy smile.   她害羞地笑了一下。
Children are often shy of/with people they don't know.   孩子们和不认识的人在一起时常常会害羞。
The deer were shy (= unwilling to be near people) and hid behind some trees.   那些鹿怕人，都藏在树后。adjective 
LESS  不足  
[after noun] 
■less than; lacking    不足的，缺乏的
We're only £100 shy of the total amount.   我们离总数只差100英镑了。verb 
HORSES  马  
intransitive 
■(of a horse) to suddenly move sideways or backwards, especially because of fear 
  （马）受惊，惊退
The horse shied at the fence.   马在栅栏前惊退。
There's a lot of traffic on the road - I'm sure my horse is going to shy.   路上交通很拥挤——我敢肯定我的马会受惊。verb 
THROW  扔  
transitive usually + adverb or preposition old-fashioned informal 
■to throw something suddenly, often in a sideways movement 
  （常指向一侧）投掷，扔
Two small boys were shying stones at a tree.   两个小男孩在朝一棵树扔石头。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   shy away from sth 
■to avoid something that you dislike, fear or do not feel confident about 
  （因不喜欢、害怕或缺乏自信而）退缩，躲避，畏避
I've never shied away from hard work.   我从未畏避过艰苦的工作。




★☆☆   shyly
—————————————————
adverb 
■in a shy way    害羞地，羞怯地
She smiled shyly at him.   她害羞地向他笑了笑。



★☆☆   shyness
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the condition of being shy    害羞，羞涩
His face went red with shyness when he walked into the crowded room.   走进拥挤的房间时，他的脸羞得通红。



★☆☆   shyster
—————————————————
UK US informal 
noun countable 
■a dishonest person, especially a lawyer or politician    狡猾的人，奸诈的人（尤指律师或政客）
He's a real shyster.   他是一个十足的讼棍。
What are those shyster politicians doing now?   那些奸诈的政客正在干甚么呢？



★☆☆   SI
—————————————————
noun uncountable specialized    abbreviation for 
■Système International: the international system of units used for scientific measurements, with standard base units such as the metre and the kilogram    国际单位制（SI：用于科学测量的国际单位体制，具有标准的基本单位如“米”、“公里”等）
The SI unit of electric current is the ampere.   电流的国际单位制单位是“安培”。



★☆☆   Siamese (cat)
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a short-haired cat with pale fur, but darker ears, tail and feet, and blue eyes    暹罗猫



★☆☆   Siamese twins
—————————————————
 slightly old-fashioned 
plural noun 
■conjoined twins (= two people with the same mother who were born at the same time, with some part of their bodies joined together)    连体婴； 暹罗双胞胎



★☆☆   Siberia
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Siberia    西伯利亚



★☆☆   Siberian
—————————————————
UK noun countable adjective 
■Siberian    西伯利亚人／西伯利亚的



★☆☆   sibling
—————————————————
 formal 
noun countable 
■a brother or sister    兄；弟；姐；妹
I have four siblings: three brothers and a sister.   我有四个兄弟姐妹：三个兄弟，一个姐姐。
There was great sibling rivalry (= competition) between Peter and his brother.   彼得和他的弟弟之间斗争得很厉害。



★☆☆   sibyl
—————————————————
 literary 
noun countable 
■any of several women in the ancient world who were thought to be able to see into the future 
  （古代的）女预言家，女巫



★☆☆   sic
—————————————————
adverb 
■a word written in brackets after a word that you have copied to show that you know it has been spelled or used wrongly    原文如此（置于括弧内，表示前面引用的文字原文有错误）
The notice outside the cinema said 'Closed on Wedensday' (sic).   电影院外的布告上写着 Closed on Wednesday



★☆☆   sick
—————————————————
adjective 
ILL  有病的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■physically or mentally ill; not well or healthy    生病的，患病的，不舒服的
a sick child   生病的孩子
a sick cow   病牛
My father has been off sick (= not working because of illness) for a long time.   因为生病，我父亲已经很久没有去上班了。
Anyone who could hurt a child like that must be sick (= mentally ill).   那样伤害孩子的人，脑子一定有毛病。
The old woman fell/took/was taken sick (= became ill) while she was away and had to come home.   那个老妇人出门在外时生病了，不得不回家。
Sarah called in/reported sick (= told her employer that she was unable to go to work because of illness).   莎拉打电话来请了病假。
figurative High rates of crime are considered by some people to be a sign of a sick society.   高犯罪率被一些人视为病态社会的征兆。
⇨ See also heartsick;homesick;lovesick
  Common Learner Errors   sick, ill and be sick   In British English ill is the word that is usually used to mean 'not well'. In American English the word for this is sick.   He went home early because he felt ill. (British English)   He went home early because he felt sick. (American English).   In British English to be sick is to bring food up from the stomach. Another way of saying this is the word vomit , which is used both in British and American English.   The little boy in the back seat of the car was sick into a paper bag. (British English)adjective 
VOMIT  呕吐  
 ADVANCED  [after verb] 
■feeling ill as if you are going to vomit    恶心的，想吐的
Lucy felt sick the morning after the party.   露西在派对后的第二天早上觉得恶心。
If you eat any more of that cake, you'll make yourself sick.   如果再吃一块那蛋糕，你会觉得恶心想吐。
⇨ See also airsick;carsick;seasick
be sick 
 ADVANCED  
■to vomit    呕吐
She was sick after she ate too much chocolate.   她吃太多巧克力之后吐了。adjective 
UNPLEASANT  令人不快的  
[after verb] informal 
■causing or expressing unpleasant emotions    懊丧的，不快的；恼怒的
I'm sick about / UKat / USover (= unhappy about) not getting that job.   我对未能得到那份工作感到非常不快。
It makes me sick (= makes me very angry) to see people wearing fur coats.   看到人们穿毛皮大衣，我感到非常愤怒。
UK informal It's sick -making (= very annoying) that she's being paid so much for doing so little.   她做得那么少却得到那么多的报酬，真让人感到气愤。
I'm sick (and tired/to death) of (= very annoyed about) the way you're behaving.   你的表现令我感到很气愤。
She was worried sick (= very worried) when her daughter didn't come home on time.   女儿没有准时回家，她十分担心。
Joan was not amused by the sick (= cruel or offensive) joke her brother told.   琼觉得她兄弟讲的不堪入耳的笑话没有甚么好笑的。
I felt sick (= felt shocked and disgusted) when I heard about the prisoners being beaten.   听说犯人被殴打，我感到震惊。adjective 
sick as a dog 
■vomiting a lot    呕吐得厉害
I was sick as a dog after last night's meal.   昨天晚上吃完饭后，我吐得一塌糊涂。adjective 
sick as a parrot UK humorous slang 
■very disappointed    非常失望，非常扫兴
He was sick as a parrot when his team lost the match.   他的球队输掉比赛后，他非常失望。adjective 
sick at heart literary 
■very unhappy    很难过，很不开心
David was sick at heart about having to leave his family behind.   戴维感到很难过，因为他不得不离开自己的家人。adjective 
sick to your stomach 
■likely to vomit    恶心的，反胃的
I'm (feeling) sick to my stomach.   我觉得有些反胃。
■feeling very upset, worried or angry    非常难过；十分担心；非常愤怒
It makes me (feel) sick to my stomach when I remember my car accident.   每当想起自己遭遇的车祸，我都会很难过。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] sick sth up UK informal 
■to vomit something    呕吐，吐出
The baby sicked up some milk on his aunt's shoulder.   婴儿吐了一些奶在他姨妈的肩膀上。noun 
ILL  有病的  
the sick [plural] 
 ESSENTIAL  
■people who are ill    病人
It's better for the sick to be cared for at home rather than in hospital.   病人在家里照顾要比在医院里更好一些。noun 
VOMIT  呕吐  
uncountable UK informal 
■vomit    呕吐物
a pool of sick on the floor   地板上的一滩呕吐物



★☆☆   sickbay
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a room with beds for people who are ill, especially on a ship 
  （尤指船上的）医务室



★☆☆   sickbed
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the bed of a person who is ill    病床
We visited my grandmother on her sickbed.   我们探望了卧病在床的祖母。



★☆☆   sick building syndrome 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■an unhealthy atmosphere (= air that you breathe) in a building which may cause illness in workers    病态建筑综合症；室内空气综合症（建筑中不健康的空气，在这种空气中呼吸可导致工人生病）
Air conditioning can contribute to sick building syndrome.   空调会导致病楼症候群。



★☆☆   sick day 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a day for which an employee will receive pay while absent from work because of illness    带薪病假



★☆☆   sicken
—————————————————
verb 
ILL  有病的  
intransitive 
■to become ill    生病，得病
literary The child sickened and died.   那孩子生病死了。
UK "You look feverish. Are you sickening for (= about to become ill with) something?"   “你好像在发烧。你生甚么病了吗?”verb 
UNPLEASANT  令人不快的  
transitive 
■to cause someone to feel unpleasant emotions, especially anger and shock    使难受；使愤怒；使震惊
The violence in the film sickened me.   电影中的暴力让我十分反感。
He was sickened by/at the number of people who were hurt in the crash.   飞机失事中的受伤人数之多令他感到震惊。



★☆☆   sickening
—————————————————
adjective 
■extremely unpleasant and causing you to feel shock and anger    令人难受的；令人震惊的；令人愤怒的
The slaves were treated with sickening cruelty.   奴隶们受到了令人发指的虐待。
There was a sickening thud when the child fell from the tree and hit the ground.   那个孩子从树上摔到地面时，很令人心痛。
■annoying    令人厌烦的；令人厌恶的
It's sickening that I can't go to the party.   我不能参加派对，真烦。



★☆☆   sick headache 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a severe pain in the head, especially a migraine    头痛；（尤指）偏头痛



★☆☆   sickie
—————————————————
 UK informal 
noun 
throw a sickie 
■to say to your employer that you are ill when you are not so that you do not have to go to your place of work for a day    装病缺勤；假病假
I just didn't feel like work so I threw a sickie.   我不想去上班所以就装病缺勤一天。



★☆☆   sickle
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a tool with a short handle and a curved blade, used for cutting grass and grain crops    镰刀    Compare scythe



★☆☆   sick leave 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■time away from work because of illness    病假
Mark is not in the office today. He broke his leg yesterday, so he's on/he's taken sick leave.   马克今天没来上班。他昨天摔断了腿，因此请病假了。



★☆☆   sickle-cell anaemia
—————————————————
(mainly US sickle-cell anemia) [&#x2CC;s&#x26A;k.&#x6C;.sel.&#x259;'ni:.mi.&#x259;]
noun uncountable 
■a medical condition, given from parent to child and found especially in black people, in which the red blood cells are curved in shape, and which causes pain and fever    镰状红细胞贫血（尤常见于黑人的遗传疾病，病者红血球弯曲成镰刀状，会导致疼痛和发烧）



★☆☆   sickly
—————————————————
adjective 
ILL  有病的  
■weak, unhealthy and often ill    虚弱的；多病的
a sickly child/plant   多病的孩子／弱小的植物
Her face was a sickly colour when she came out of the dentist's.   离开牙医诊所时，她满面病容。adjective 
VOMIT  呕吐     disapproving 
■causing a slight feeling of wanting to vomit    令人作呕的；令人恶心的
A sickly smell of decaying fish came from the dirty river.   肮脏的河里发散出一股令人恶心的腐鱼的腥臭味。
The chocolate cake was sickly sweet (= too sweet).   巧克力蛋糕甜得发腻。
■disapproving 
■emotional, in an embarrassing way    过分煽情的
His books are sometimes accused of sickly sentimentality.   他的书有时因为过于多愁善感而受到批评。



★☆☆   sickness
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
ILL  有病的  
 ADVANCED  
■the condition of being ill    患病
There's a lot of sickness around this winter.   今年冬天患病的人很多。noun uncountable 
VOMIT  呕吐  
■vomiting    恶心，呕吐
Drinking unclean water can cause diarrhoea and sickness.   饮用不洁净的水会导致腹泻和呕吐。



★☆☆   sickness benefit
—————————————————
UK 
noun uncountable 
■money paid by the government to someone who cannot work because of illness 
  （政府发放的）疾病津贴



★☆☆   sicko
—————————————————
UK  US (plural sickos)    slang 
noun countable 
■someone, especially a man, who is mentally ill or who performs unpleasant, often sexual, acts 
  （尤指男性的）精神病人，性变态者
She's afraid of being attacked in the park by a sicko.   她害怕在公园里遭到心理变态者的袭击。



★☆☆   sick pay 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■money given by an employer to someone who cannot work because of illness 
  （雇主发放的）病假津贴



★☆☆   sickroom
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a room in which someone who is ill lies in bed    病房



★☆☆   side
—————————————————
noun 
SURFACE  表面  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a flat outer surface of an object, especially one that is not the top, the bottom, the front or the back    面；（尤指）侧面
The names of ships are usually painted on their sides.   船的名字通常漆在船的侧面。
My room is at the side of the house.   我的房间在这栋房屋的侧面。
Please write on one side of the paper only.   请只在纸的一面书写。
I've already written four sides (= pages of writing) for my essay.   我的论文已经写了四页纸了。
Canadian coins have a picture of the Queen's head on one side.   加拿大硬币的一面有女王的头像。
Please use the side entrance.   请走侧门。noun 
EDGE  侧边  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■an edge or border of something    边；边缘
A square has four sides.   正方形有四条边。
There are trees on both sides of the road.   公路两旁都有树。
They were surrounded on all sides] on every side by curious children.   他们被好奇的孩子们团团围住。noun 
NEXT TO  相邻  
 ESSENTIAL  uncountable 
■a place next to something    旁边，附近
I have a small table at/by the side of (= next to) my bed.   我的床边有一张小桌子。
He stayed at/by her side (= with her) throughout her long illness.   在她久病期间，他一直陪伴着她。
⇨ See also alongside;aside;beside
side by side 
■next to each other    肩并肩地；一个挨一个地
The children sat side by side on the sofa watching television.   孩子们肩并肩地坐在沙发上看电视。noun 
PART  部分  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a part of something, especially in relation to a real or imagined central line    一边；一侧
He likes to sleep on the right side of the bed.   他喜欢睡在床的右边。
In Britain, cars drive on the left side of the road.   在英国，汽车靠左侧行驶。
There is no money on my mother's side (of the family).   我娘家那边没有钱。
I could just see Joan on the far/other side of the room.   我能看见琼在房间的另一边。
Children came running from all sides (= from all directions).   孩子们从四面八方跑来。
 ESSENTIAL  countable usually singular 
■the part of the body from under the arm to the top of the leg    肋，肋部
I have a pain in my side.   我的肋部疼痛。
 ADVANCED  countable UK 
■a television channel    电视频道
What side is 'Coronation Street' on?   哪家电视台在播出《加冕街》？
from side to side 
■from left to right and from right to left    左右，来回
The curtains were swinging from side to side in the breeze.   窗帘在微风中来回摆动。
countable usually singular 
■half of an animal's body, considered as meat 
  （动物的）肋肉
She bought a side of lamb from the butcher's shop.   她从肉店里买了半扇羔羊肉。noun 
OPPOSING GROUP  对立方  
 ESSENTIAL  countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■one of two or more opposing teams or groups 
  （多个相互对立的团队中的）一方
This is a war which neither side can win.   这是一场双方都无法打赢的战争。
Our side (= team) lost again on Saturday.   我们队星期六又输了。
Whose/which side are you on (= which team are you playing for/supporting) ?   你是哪个队的？
Don't be angry with me - I'm on your side (= I want to help you).   不要生我的气——我是为了你好。
take sides 
■to support one person or group rather than another, in an argument or war 
  （在争论或战争中）表明立场，支持一方
My mother never takes sides when my brother and I argue.   我和弟弟吵架时，我母亲从不偏袒任何一方。
take sb's side 
■to support someone in an argument 
  （在争论中）支持（某人）
My mother always takes my father's side when I argue with him.   我和父亲争论时，母亲总是站在他一边。noun 
OPINION  观点  
 ADVANCED  countable 
■an opinion held in an argument; a way of considering something 
  （争论中的）观点；考虑的角度
There are at least two sides to every question.   每个问题至少有两个方面。
I've listened to your side of the story , but I still think you were wrong to do what you did.   我已经听过你对此事的说法，但我仍然认为你的所作所为是错误的。noun 
CHARACTER  性格  
countable 
■a part of someone's character 
  （性格的）方面
She seems quite fierce, but actually she has a gentle side.   她看起来很凶，但实际上她也有温柔的一面。noun 
be two sides of the same coin (be different/opposite sides of the same coin) 
■If two things are two sides of the same coin, they are very closely related although they seem different    一枚硬币的两面；一个问题的两个方面（如果两件事物是“一枚硬币的两面”，表示两者看起来虽然不同，但关系非常密切）
Violent behaviour and deep insecurity are often two sides of the same coin.   暴力行为和深层次的不安全感，常常是一个问题的两个方面。noun 
come down on one side of the fence or the other 
■to make a decision between two opposing points of view    在两个相反的观点中作出选择
The election is next week, so you'll have to come down on one side of the fence or other by then.   下周就要选举了，因此你到时必须在两者中作出选择。noun 
get on the right/wrong side of sb 
■to make someone pleased/annoyed with you 
  （讨某人）喜欢／令（某人）厌恶
As a teenager, Clare was always getting on the wrong side of her mother.   克莱尔十几岁的时候总是惹母亲生气。noun 
have sth on your side 
■If you have something on your side, it gives you an advantage when you are trying to achieve something    有…的优势
I thought I would get the job, but the other person who was being considered for it had experience on his side.   我觉得我能得到那份工作，但另外那个人有经验方面的优势。noun 
keep on the right side of sb 
■to try to make certain that someone is pleased with you    避免得罪（某人）； 争取（某人）的好感
Paul kept on the right side of his teachers by doing masses of work.   保罗透过做大量的杂事来获得老师的好感。noun 
on the large / small , etc. side 
■too large, small, etc. for a particular purpose    太大／太小等
This dress is rather on the large side for me.   对我来说，这件裙子太大了。noun 
on the right / wrong side of 40/50, etc. 
■looking younger/older than a particular age    看起来比某一年龄小／大
She looks to me as if she's on the wrong side of 50.   在我看来，她看起来不只50岁。noun 
on the right / wrong side of the law 
■obeying/not obeying the law    遵守／违反法律
After coming out of prison, he tried to stay on the right side of the law.   出狱后，他努力遵规守法。noun 
on the side 
■in addition to your main job    兼职
He makes a little money on the side by cleaning windows in his spare time.   他靠业余时间兼职清洗窗户赚些零用钱。
■secretly    秘密地
I think he has another woman on the side (= a relationship with a woman who is not his wife).   我认为他还有别的女人。    mainly US 
■(of food in a restaurant) served on another plate, or not on part of the meal 
  （餐馆中的食物）装在另一个盘子里；作为配菜
I'd like a salad with the dressing on the side (= with the dressing served separately from the salad) , please.   我要一盘沙拉，调味酱单独盛盘。
I'll have a omelette with fries on the side, please.   我要一个煎蛋饼，另要一盘炸薯条。noun 
the other side of the coin 
■a different way of considering a situation, making it seem either better or worse than it did originally    事情的另一面
I like having a white car, but the other side of the coin is that it soon gets dirty.   我想要一辆白色的轿车，但从另一方面考虑，白色的车不耐脏。noun 
put/lay sth on/to one side 
■to not use something, especially an amount of money, in order to keep it for later use    把（尤指钱）存起来以便日后使用
We have put some money on one side for next year's summer holiday.   我们已经为明年的暑假存了一些钱。noun 
put/leave sth on/to one side 
■to stop talking about a particular subject    停止谈论，把…放到一边
Can we leave the issue of pay on one side for the moment?   我们能不能暂时不谈工资的事情？noun 
take/lead sb on/to one side 
■to have a private talk with someone    和（某人）私下交谈
Bill's father took him to one side and told him to stop behaving so badly.   比尔的父亲和他私下进行了交谈，让他别再那么无礼了。noun 
this side of sth 
■before reaching a particular age, date, place, etc.    不到（某年龄）；在（某日期）之前；在（某地方）之外
I can't believe she's this side of 50.   我无法相信她还不到50岁。
We don't expect to see Gideon this side of Christmas.   我们不指望在圣诞节前见到吉迪恩。
This is the best pizza I've eaten this side of (= anywhere other than) Rome.   这是我在罗马以外的地方吃到的最好的比萨。
Parenting is the most rewarding thing I will do this side of the grave (= in life).   为人父母将是我一生中最值得一做的事。noun 
the wrong / other side of the tracks 
■a part of a town that is considered poor and dangerous    贫民区（城镇中被视为贫困和危险的区域）
Her boyfriend came from the wrong side of the tracks.   她的男朋友来自贫民区。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   side with sb 
■to support one person or group in an argument 
  （在争论中）支持（某人或某方），站在（某人）一边   


side 1	1. If ever there was any sort of argument, she'd always side with my father against me.
 只要有争论，她就总是站在我父亲一边反对我。
adjective [before noun] 
■not in or at the centre or main part of something    边；边缘
We parked the car on a side street/road (= a small road, especially one that joins on to a main road).   我把汽车停在小路上。
I think that's a side issue (= a subject which is separate from the main one) which we should talk about later.   我认为这是个次要问题，我们应该以后再讨论。
I'd like a side dish / mainly USside order of potatoes, please (= some potatoes on a separate plate).   我想要盘马铃薯作为配菜。



★☆☆   sidearm
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a weapon worn on the side of the body, especially a small gun or sword    随身武器（尤指小手枪或佩剑）



★☆☆   sidebar
—————————————————
UK US  US 
noun countable 
■a short news story in a newspaper or magazine that relates to a longer main story, giving details or extra information 
  （主要新闻报导的）补充报导



★☆☆   sideboard
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a piece of furniture with a flat top and cupboards at the bottom, usually used for holding glasses, plates, etc.    餐具柜，碗橱



★☆☆   sideburns
—————————————————
UK US [-bɝ:nz/ (UK also sideboards) 
plural noun 
■areas of hair grown down the sides of a man's face in front of the ears    鬓角



★☆☆   sidecar
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a small one-wheeled vehicle fixed to the side of a motorcycle to hold a passenger 
  （摩托车的）跨斗，边车



★☆☆   side effect 
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■an unpleasant effect of a drug that happens in addition to the main effect    副作用
Does this drug have any side effects?   这种药有甚么副作用吗？



★☆☆   sidekick
—————————————————
 informal 
noun countable 
■a person who works with someone who is more important than they are    助手；随从
I've been his sidekick for long enough - it's time I found myself something better to do.   我当他助手的时间已经够长了——是该为自己找点更好的事情来做的时候了。



★☆☆   sidelight
—————————————————
noun countable 
LIGHT  灯     UK (US parking light) 
■either of the two smaller lights fixed on the front of a car 
  （汽车）侧灯    Compare headlightnoun countable 
INFORMATION  资讯  
■a piece of extra information that helps you understand something in a slightly new way    侧面消息（一个另外的消息，可帮助你以略为不同的方式理解某物）
What he said threw/cast an interesting sidelight on what had happened.   他所说的话，对已经发生的事情来说是一个有趣的侧面消息。



★☆☆   sideline
—————————————————
noun countable 
JOB  工作  
■an activity that you do as well as your main job    副业，兼职工作
Jim works in a bank, but teaches French in the evenings as a sideline.   吉姆在银行工作，但他在晚上兼职教法语。noun countable 
SPORT  运动     mainly US 
■a line that shows the position of the side areas of play, especially for football 
  （尤指橄榄球场地上的）边线
The ball fell just inside/on/outside the sideline.   球正好落在了边线内／上／外。noun countable 
on/from the sidelines 
■If you are on the sidelines or do something from the sidelines, you are not actively involved in something    旁观；不参与
Our party has been on the political sidelines for too long - we must now work towards getting into power.   我们的政党在野时间太长——我们现在必须争取掌权。
She could only watch from the sidelines as her brother's health deteriorated.   她只能眼睁睁地看着弟弟的健康恶化下去。verb transitive 
■If a sports player is sidelined they are prevented from playing or competing, and can only watch    使退出比赛，使停止参赛
Johnson has been sidelined through injury.   约翰逊因伤退出了比赛。
■to stop someone taking an active and important part in something    使靠边；使不再发挥重要作用；排挤
The minister was sidelined after he criticized party policy.   该部长批评政党的政策后遭到了排挤。



★☆☆   sidelong
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] adverb 
■describes a short look at someone or something, moving your eyes to the side, and not looking directly    斜眼看的（地），睨视的（地）
He gave her a sidelong glance.   他斜着眼睛瞥了她一眼。
He glanced at her sidelong and smiled.   他偷着斜扫了她一眼后笑了。



★☆☆   side mirror 
—————————————————
noun countable    US for 
■wing mirror 



★☆☆   side-on
—————————————————
UK adverb adjective 
■from or on the side    自边上；在边上
The bus hit the car side-on.   公车与轿车侧面相撞
a side-on collision   侧面的碰撞



★☆☆   side plate 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small plate that you put your bread on when you are eating the main part of a meal 
  （盛放面包的）小盘子



★☆☆   sidereal
—————————————————
UK US  specialized 
adjective [before noun] 
■of or calculated by the stars    恒星的；根据恒星计算的



★☆☆   sidereal time
—————————————————
specialized 
noun uncountable 
■time based on the movement of the Earth in relation to the stars    恒星时（以地球相对于恒星的运动为基础）



★☆☆   sidesaddle
—————————————————
noun countable adverb 
■(on) a saddle used especially in the past by women, on which the rider sits with both legs on the same side of the horse 
  （旧时的）女式马鞍，偏座鞍；偏坐在马鞍上，在偏座鞍上
The Queen rode sidesaddle when she inspected the soldiers.   女王偏坐在马鞍上骑马检阅士兵。



★☆☆   sideshow
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a small show or event in addition to the main entertainment    穿插节目；小节目； 余兴活动
Carol won a large soft toy at a sideshow at the fair.   卡罗尔在市集的余兴活动中赢得了一个大毛绒玩具。
■an event or subject which is connected to another event or subject, but which is considered to be much less important    附带事件；次要活动
The media still regards women's sport as a sideshow to the main event.   媒体仍然认为女子体育是主赛事的附带赛事。



★☆☆   sidespin
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a spinning movement given to a ball to make it turn repeatedly in the air    侧旋（施予球的一种旋转运动，使之在空中反覆打转）
The batter was beaten by the sidespin on the ball.   这个击球手被那个侧旋球打败了（接不住那个侧旋球）。



★☆☆   sidesplitting
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■extremely funny    令人捧腹的；极为有趣的
a sidesplitting joke/story/film   令人捧腹的笑话／故事／影片



★☆☆   sidestep
—————————————————
 (-pp-)
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to step to the side in order to avoid something, especially being hit    横跨一步躲开；侧步避让
He sidestepped the blow/the tackle.   他侧步避开了攻击／阻截队员。
■to avoid talking about a subject, especially by starting to talk about something else 
  （尤指透过开始谈论别的事情）回避（某个话题）
The speaker sidestepped the question by saying that it would take him too long to answer it.   演讲者借口说回答要很长时间而回避了这个问题。



★☆☆   sidestroke
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■any of various ways of swimming lying on one side    侧泳



★☆☆   sideswipe
—————————————————
noun countable 
REMARK  评论  
■a remark attacking something or someone made while talking about something else    附带的批评；藉机抨击
During her lecture on her discoveries, she made/took several sideswipes at the management.   她在介绍自己那些发现的演讲中，几次顺带批评了管理阶层。noun countable 
HIT  碰撞  
■a hit on the side    擦边撞击；侧撞verb transitive 
■to hit on the side    擦边撞击；侧撞
The motorcycle turned the corner too quickly, and sideswiped a car coming towards it.   摩托车转弯时速度太快，擦边撞上了迎面而来的汽车。



★☆☆   sidetrack
—————————————————
verb transitive usually passive 
■to direct a person's attention away from an activity or subject towards another one which is less important    使转移注意力；使转换话题
Ruth was looking for an envelope in a drawer when she was sidetracked by some old letters.   露丝在抽屉里找信封时，被一些旧信吸引住了。
The students sidetracked their teacher into talking about her hobby.   学生们将老师的话题转到她的业余爱好上来。
I'm sorry I'm late - I got sidetracked.   很抱歉迟到——我被其他事情耽搁了。



★☆☆   sidewalk
—————————————————
UK noun countable    mainly US for 
■pavement 



★☆☆   sideways
—————————————————
adverb adjective 
 IMPROVER  
■in a direction to the left or right, not forwards or backwards    侧向地的
The fence is leaning sideways.   栅栏向一边倾斜。
If you would move sideways to the left, I can get everyone in the picture.   如果你能向左移一点，我就可以把所有人都拍进照片里。



★☆☆   side-wheeler
—————————————————
UK noun countable    US for 
■paddle steamer 



★☆☆   siding
—————————————————
noun 
RAILWAY  铁路  
countable 
■a short railway track connected to a main track, where carriages are kept when they are not being used 
  （车厢不用时停靠的）侧线，旁轨noun 
MATERIAL  材料  
uncountable US 
■material which covers the surface of the outer walls of a building, usually in sloping layers    壁板，墙板
vinyl/aluminum/wood siding   聚乙烯／铝／木墙板



★☆☆   sidle
—————————————————
verb intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to walk towards or away from someone, trying not to be noticed    侧身而行；悄悄地走
Tim sidled up/over to the girl sitting at the bar and asked if he could buy her a drink.   蒂姆悄悄走近坐在吧台前的那位小姐，问是否可以请她喝一杯。
She sidled past him, pretending that she had not seen him.   她从他身边悄悄走过，假装没有看见他。



★☆☆   SIDS
—————————————————
 (also cot death) 
noun uncountable    abbreviation for 
■sudden infant death syndrome: a medical condition in which a baby dies suddenly while it is sleeping for no obvious reason    婴儿猝死症候群



★☆☆   siege
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■the surrounding of a place by an armed force in order to defeat those defending it    围攻；包围
The siege of Mafeking lasted for eight months.   对马弗京的围攻持续了八个月。
The soldiers laid siege to (= started a siege of) the city.   士兵们包围了这座城市。
The castle was under siege for months.   城堡被围困了数月。
figurative That whole weekend at Cannes, Brigitte Bardot was under siege by photographers.   在坎城，布丽吉特‧巴多整个周末都被摄影师们包围着。
⇨ See also besiege



★☆☆   siege mentality
—————————————————
disapproving 
noun only singular 
■a feeling that makes you frightened of people around you, and causes you not to trust them    受困心态，自我封闭
Years of international isolation has led the country to develop a siege mentality.   多年的国际封锁导致这个国家封闭排外。



★☆☆   sienna
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a type of soil which is used to colour paint    赭土（用作颜料）



★☆☆   sierra
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a range of steep mountains, especially in North and South America and Spain 
  （尤指南北美洲和西班牙的）锯齿状山岭



★☆☆   Sierra Leone
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Sierra Leone    狮子山



★☆☆   Sierra Leonean
—————————————————
UK noun countable adjective 
■Sierra Leonean    狮子山人／狮子山的



★☆☆   siesta
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a rest or sleep taken after lunch , especially in hot countries 
  （尤指气候炎热国家的）午睡



★☆☆   sieve
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a tool consisting of a wood, plastic or metal frame with a wire or plastic net fixed to it. You use it either to separate solids from a liquid, or you rub larger solids through it to make them smaller    筛；滤器
Pass the sauce through a sieve to remove any lumps.   用筛子滤去酱汁中的残渣。noun countable 
memory/mind like a sieve 
■If you have a memory or mind like a sieve, you forget things very easily.    容易忘事，健忘verb transitive 
■to put a liquid or powder through a sieve    过滤；筛
To make the pastry, sieve the flour and salt into a mixing bowl.   要制作油酥面皮，应把面粉和盐筛到一个和面碗里。



★☆☆   sift
—————————————————
verb transitive 
SEPARATE  分离  
■to put flour, sugar, etc. through a sieve (= wire net shaped like a bowl) to break up large pieces    筛（面粉、糖等）
When the cake is cooked, sift some icing sugar over the top of it.   蛋糕做好后，在上面筛上一些糖粉。verb transitive 
EXAMINE  检查  
■to make a close examination of all the parts of something in order to find something or to separate what is useful from what is not    仔细检查；筛查
The police are sifting the evidence very carefully to try and find the guilty person.   员警正在非常仔细地检查证据，试图找出那个罪犯。
After my father's death, I had to sift through all his papers.   父亲去世后，我必须查看整理他的所有档。
The police are trying to sift out the genuine warnings from all the hoax calls they have received.   警方试图从他们接到的各种恶作剧电话中分辨出真正的报案电话。



★☆☆   sifter
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a container with many small holes in its lid for sifting powdery substances, usually foods 
  （盖上有小孔的）筛具
a flour-sifter   面粉筛
a sugar-sifter.   撒糖瓶



★☆☆   sigh
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
 IMPROVER  
■to breathe out slowly and noisily, expressing tiredness, sadness, pleasure, etc.    叹息，叹气
She sighed deeply and sat down.   她深叹一口气，坐了下来。
[+ speech] "I wish he was here, " she sighed (= she said with a sigh).   “我希望他在这里，”她叹息道。
■If the wind sighs, it makes a long, soft sound as it moves through trees 
  （风穿过树林时）发出呜咽声
I lay on my back, listening to the sound of the wind sighing in the trees.   我仰躺着，听着风穿过树林发出的呜咽声。noun countable 
■a slow noisy breath    叹息，叹气
He leaned back in his seat with a sigh.   他向后靠在座位上长出了一口气。
"Ah, you're here, " she said and heaved/let out/gave a sigh of relief.   “啊，你在这里，”她说道，如释重负地松了口气。



★☆☆   sight
—————————————————
noun 
ABILITY TO SEE  视力  
 ESSENTIAL  uncountable 
■the ability to see    视力
If your sight is poor, you should not drive a car.   视力不佳就不应该开车。
The old woman has lost her sight (= has become blind).   那位老妇人失明了。
⇨ See also eyesightnoun 
VIEW  景象  
 ESSENTIAL  countable or only singular or uncountable 
■something that is in someone's view    所见之物；景象
The flowers at the annual flower show were a beautiful sight.   年度花卉展上的鲜花是一道美丽的风景。
You should always keep sight of your bags (= have them where you can see them) while you're at the airport.   在机场应该时刻留意自己的袋子。
informal You can't go out in those clothes - you look a real sight (= look untidy or silly) !   你不能穿着那些衣服出去——看起来真不成体统！
The child laughed at the sight of (= when she saw) the clockwork toy.   看到有发条装置的玩具，孩子笑了。
formal The lawyer requested sight of (= to see) the papers.   律师要求看档。
I dare not let the children out of my sight (= go where I cannot see them) in this park.   在这个公园里，我不敢让孩子们离开我的视线。
The police officer was hidden out of sight (= where he could not be seen) behind a tree.   那名警官藏在树后隐蔽的地方。
The castle came into sight (= started to be able to be seen) as we went round a bend in the road.   我们在路上拐了个弯，城堡就映入了眼帘。
We're looking for a house which is within sight of (= from which it is possible to see) the mountains.   我们正在找一栋能看到群山的房子。
figurative After three years of campaigning, the end is finally in sight (= will happen soon) for Jon.   经过三年的竞选，乔恩终于快看到结果了。
I caught sight of (= saw for a moment) my former teacher while I was out shopping today, but she turned a corner and I lost sight of (= could no longer see) her.   今天我去买东西时看到以前的老师，但她转过街角，就看不见了。
"Do you know David Wilson?" "I haven't met him, but I know him by sight (= I recognize him, but do not know him)."   “你认识戴维‧威尔逊吗？”“没有接触过，但我认得出他。”
informal She hated/loathed the sight of (= hated) her former husband.   她讨厌见到她的前夫。
informal They used to be very good friends, but now they can't bear/stand the sight of (= hate) each other.   他们曾经是好朋友，但现在一看到对方就烦。
The question seemed easy at first sight (= when they first saw it) , but when the students tried to answer it, they discovered how difficult it was.   这个问题乍看似乎很简单，但学生们试图回答时，才发现它有多难。
the sights 
 ADVANCED  
■places of interest, especially to visitors    名胜；景点
We spent a fortnight in Rome looking at all the sights.   我们花两个星期参观了罗马所有的名胜。
sight unseen 
■without seeing something first    在未见过的情况下
I never buy anything sight unseen.   不亲眼看过实物我从来不会购买。noun 
MUCH  许多  
a sight informal 
■a lot; much    许多，大量
Food is a (darn/damn) sight more expensive than it used to be.   食品比以前贵了很多。
He's a sight better than he was yesterday.   他比昨天好多了。noun 
GUN PART  枪炮零件  
countable usually plural 
■a part of a gun or other device through which you look to help you aim at something    准星，瞄准器
Make sure you line up the sights before you fire the gun.   射击前要确定瞄好准星。noun 
Get out of my sight! informal 
■an angry way of saying go away    滚开！
Get out of my sight, you idiot!   滚开，你这个白痴！noun 
lose sight of sth 
■to forget about an important idea or fact because you are thinking too much about other things    忽略；忘记
Some members of the peace-keeping force seem to have lost sight of the fact that they are there to help people.   维和部队的有些人员似乎忘记了他们到那里是为了帮助人们。noun 
lower your sights 
■to accept that you will only be able to get something less than you hoped for    降低要求，退而求其次
He had hoped to become a doctor, but he had to lower his sights after his disappointing exam results.   他原希望成为一名医生，但令人失望的考试成绩迫使他降低目标。noun 
out of sight informal 
■extremely expensive and more than you are able to spend    超出支付能力的
The price of the house we like is out of sight.   我们喜欢的那栋房子的价格超出了我们的能力范围之外。    slang 
■excellent    极好的
The group's new record is out of sight!   这个乐团的新唱片出奇地好听！noun 
Out of sight , out of mind. saying 
■said to emphasize that when something or someone cannot be seen, it is easy to forget them    眼不见，心不念。noun 
set your sights on sth 
■to decide to achieve something    决心；立志
Jenny has set her sights on winning the competition.   珍妮已决心赢得比赛的胜利。noun 
a sight for sore eyes informal 
■a way of saying that you are very pleased to see someone or that you think someone is very attractive    乐于看到的人；极有吸引力的人
You're a sight for sore eyes!   非常高兴见到你！verb transitive 
■to suddenly see something or someone    看到，发现
After days at sea, the sailors finally sighted land.   在海上漂流数日后，水手们终于看到了陆地。



★☆☆   sighted
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
adjective 
■able to see    不盲的，看得见的



★☆☆   sighting
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■when you see something or someone, especially that is rare or trying to hide    看见，目击（尤指罕见或隐蔽的人或物）
This is the first sighting of this particularly rare bird in this country.   这是在该国首次目击这种极为珍稀的鸟。



★☆☆   sightless
—————————————————
 literary 
adjective 
■unable to see    盲的，看不见的



★☆☆   sight-read
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to play or sing written music the first time you see it    视唱；视奏



★☆☆   sightseeing
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the visiting of interesting places, especially by people on holiday    观光，游览
We did a bit of sightseeing in Paris.   我们在巴黎小小游览了一番。
There was no time to go sightseeing in Rome.   没有时间在罗马观光游览了。



★☆☆   sign
—————————————————
verb 
WRITE  写  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to write your name, usually on a written or printed document, to show that you agree with its contents or have written or created it yourself    签（名），署（名）；签署，签字
to sign a letter/cheque/contract/lease/agreement   在信件／支票／合约／租约／协定上签名
Sign here, please.   请在这里签名。
He signed his name at the end of the letter.   他在信的末尾签上了自己的名字。
[+ obj + noun] He signed himself 'Mark Taylor'.   他签上了自己的名字“马克‧泰勒”。
She said the painting was by Picasso, but it wasn't signed.   她说这幅画是毕卡索创作的，但画上没有他的签名。
transitive 
■in sport, to make a legal written agreement to employ a player 
  （体育界）与（球员）签约
The football club has just signed a new player.   足球俱乐部刚刚与一名新球员签约。verb 
BODY MOVEMENT  身体动作  
intransitive or transitive 
■to give an order or information, or make a request, using hand and body movements    打手势；示意
[+ to infinitive] He signed for/to the waiter to bring him another drink.   他示意侍者再给他一份饮料。
[+ that] He signed to the waiter that he wanted another drink.   他向侍者示意，想再要一份饮料。
intransitive or transitive 
■to use sign language (= language used by people who cannot hear or talk)    使用手语verb 
sign your own death warrant informal 
■to do something that is harmful to your own position    自我毁灭；自寻死路
She signed her own death warrant by refusing to do what the boss demanded.   她拒绝了老板的要求，简直是自寻死路。verb 
sign on the dotted line informal 
■to agree to do something, especially by signing an agreement    在签字处签名同意
If you want to join the club, all you have to do is sign on the dotted line.   若想加入该俱乐部，仅需签名即可。verb 
signed and sealed (also signed, sealed and delivered) 
■finished and definite because all the necessary documents have been signed    签名盖章完毕了的；已成定局的verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] sign sth away 
■to give up your rights to something by signing a legal document    签字放弃
Under the treaty, both sides will sign away a third of their nuclear weapons.   根据该条约的规定，双方将签字放弃他们三分之一的核子武器。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   sign for sth 
■to sign a form to show that you have received something    签收
I had to sign for the parcel when I collected it from the post office.   从邮局领取包裹时，我得签字。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   sign for/with sb 
■(in sport) to sign a formal agreement saying that you will play for a particular team    签约（某支运动队）verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   sign (sb) in 
■to sign your name or the name of someone who is visiting you in a book on arrival at a building such as an office or hotel 
  （替某人）签到，登记
New security measures require all visitors to sign in at reception and wear a visitor's badge.   新安全措施要求所有访客都在接待处登记并佩戴访客证。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   sign (sth) off 
■to give a final message at the end of a letter or when communicating by radio, or at the end of a television or radio programme    结束（写信、广播或电视节目）
She signed off (her show) by wishing her listeners a Happy New Year.   她在结束广播时祝听众新年快乐。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   sign off 
STOP WORK     US informal 
■to stop doing your work or a similar activity for a period of time    暂停工作（或类似活动）
As it's Friday, I think I'll sign off early today.   今天是星期五，我想我会早点下班。
FINANCIAL SUPPORT     UK informal 
■to report to a government employment office that you now have a job and do not need to receive Jobseeker's Allowance 
  （到政府就业服务处）登记取消（失业救济金）verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   sign on    UK informal 
■to sign a form at a government office to say that you do not have a job and that you want to receive Jobseeker's Allowance (= money paid by the government to unemployed people trying to find work) 
  （到政府就业服务处）登记领取（失业救济金）
■mainly US (UK sign up) 
■to agree to become involved in an organized activity    报名参加（某项有组织的活动）
[+ to infinitive] mainly US I've signed on to help at the school fair.   我已报名要去学校博览会上帮忙。
■(also sign up) UK informal 
■to sign a document saying that you will work for someone or do a particular job or activity    签约（受雇）；报名（参加活动）
She's signed on with a temp agency.   她和一家临时机构签约了。
Julie has signed up for courses on English and French this year.   茱莉已报名参加了今年开设的英语和法语课程。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   sign (sb) out 
■to sign your name in a book on leaving a building such as an office or factory, or to write someone else's name in a book when they leave after visiting it 
  （替某人）签退
Don't forget to sign out before you leave.   离开前别忘了签退。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] sign sth out 
■to record when you take something away, usually by signing your name in a book    签字领取
You have to sign books out when you borrow them from the library.   从图书馆借书时，必须签名。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] sign sth over 
■to give the legal rights to something or the ownership of something to someone else by formally signing a document    签字移交，签字转让
Two years before her death she signed her property over to her children.   去世前两年，她签字把自己的财产转到自己孩子们的名下。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   sign up 
■to agree to become involved in an organized activity    报名加入（某项有组织的活动）
[+ to infinitive] I've signed up to do the teas at the village fête.   我已报名在乡村游乐会提供茶水服务。
She's signed up for evening classes at the community college.   她已经报名参加社区大学的夜间课程。
⇨ See also sign onnoun countable 
NOTICE  通知  
 ESSENTIAL  
■a notice giving information, directions, a warning, etc.    告示；标志；警告
a road sign   路标
a shop sign   商店招牌noun countable 
BODY MOVEMENT  身体动作  
 ESSENTIAL  
■a movement of the body which gives information or an instruction    示意动作；手势
She pointed to her watch as a sign that it was getting late and she wanted to leave.   她指着手表示意已经很晚了，她想离开。
She made/gave a sign to her husband to stop talking.   她示意丈夫停止讲话。
The priest made the sign of the cross (= made the shape of a cross by moving his hand between four points on his chest) when he entered the church.   牧师走进教堂时，在胸前画了个十字。
⇨ See also signalnoun countable 
SHOWING  表现  
 ESSENTIAL  
■something showing that something else exists or might happen or exist in the future    迹象；征兆
His inability to handle the situation is a sure sign of weakness.   他无法控制局面无疑是一种软弱的表现。
[+ that] The fact that he's eating more is a sign that he's feeling better.   他能多吃东西表明他感觉好些了。
I've searched for my hat, but there's no sign of it anywhere (= I can't find it).   我在找我的帽子，但到处都没有它的踪影。
There was no sign of life in the building (= there seemed to be no one in it).   建筑物里看不到人影。
Billy's work at school has shown signs of improvement this year.   比利的学业今年有进步的迹象。
There is every sign that/All the signs are that the worst is over.   各种迹象显示，最糟糕的时期已经过去了。
⇨ See also signalnoun countable 
MARK  标志  
 IMPROVER  
■a written or printed mark which has a standard meaning    记号，符号，标志
+ and - are mathematical signs.   ＋和－是数学符号。
£ is the sign for the British pound.   £是表示英镑的符号。noun countable 
sign of the times usually disapproving 
■something that is typical of the (bad) way things are now    时代特征；世道
These riots in the north are a sign of the times.   北部地区所发生的这些骚乱是这个时代的一个写照。



★☆☆   signal
—————————————————
noun countable 
ACTION  行动  
 IMPROVER  
■an action, movement or sound which gives information, a message, a warning or an order    信号
When she gave (them) the signal, they all cheered.   她发出信号后，他们都欢呼起来。
[+ that] The firework was a signal that the festival had started.   烟火是节日已经开始的信号。
[+ to infinitive] The police officer gave us a signal to stop.   员警示意我们停下。
The signal for a race to start is often the firing of a gun.   赛跑常以发令枪响作为开始的信号。
US for    * indicator noun countable 
WAVE  波  
 ADVANCED  
■a series of electrical or radio waves which are sent to a radio or television in order to produce a sound, picture or message 
  （用于传输声音、图像或其他资讯的）电波信号noun countable 
SHOWING  表现  
■something which shows that something else exists or is likely to happen    迹象
The poor result is a clear signal of his deteriorating confidence.   糟糕的结果清楚地显示他信心日渐不足。
The changing colour of the leaves on the trees is a signal that it will soon be autumn.   树叶颜色的改变代表秋天即将来临。noun countable 
EQUIPMENT  设备  
■equipment, especially on the side of a railway or road, often with lights, which tells drivers whether they can go, must stop or should move more slowly 
  （尤指铁路或公路上的）号志灯
a railway signal   铁路号志灯
a traffic signal   交通号志灯
a road signal   道路号志灯verb (-ll- or US USUALLY -l-)
ACTION  行动  
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■to make a movement, sound, flash, etc. which gives information or tells people what to do    发信号；示意
Flashing lights on a parked car usually signal a warning (to other motorists).   停着的车辆上闪烁的车灯通常是警告（其他驾车者）的信号。
He signalled left, and turned the lorry slowly.   他打开左转方向灯，然后将卡车缓慢转弯。
He was signalling (= giving a signal) with a red flag.   他正用红色旗子发信号。
She signalled for help.   她发出了求救信号。
[+ that] She signalled to the cars behind that they were going the wrong way.   她示意后面的车辆走错了路。
[+ obj + to infinitive] The children's mother signalled them to be quiet.   孩子们的母亲示意他们安静。
[+ to infinitive] The children's mother signalled to/for them to be quiet.   孩子们的母亲向他们示意保持安静。verb (-ll- or US USUALLY -l-)
SHOW  表现  
transitive 
■to show that you intend or are ready to do something    表达，表示；显示
[+ that] The union has signalled that the workers will strike.   工会表示工人们将会罢工。
The union has signalled the workers' intention to strike.   工会已表示工人们打算罢工。
The death of Chairman Mao signalled (= marked) the end of an era in Chinese history.   毛主席的去世标记着中国历史上一个时代的结束。adjective [before noun] formal 
■noticeable; not ordinary    显著的；不寻常的
a signal success/failure   重大胜利／失败



★☆☆   signal box
—————————————————
UK (US signal tower) 
noun countable 
■a building from which railway signals are operated 
  （铁路上的）信号所，信号楼



★☆☆   signalize
—————————————————
(UK usually signalise) ['s&#x26A;g.n&#x259;.la&#x26A;z]
verb transitive formal 
■to be a clear sign of something    用讯号通知
The ambassador's presence here signalizes the seriousness of the situation.   大使在这里出现，是事态严重的一个讯号。



★☆☆   signally
—————————————————
 formal 
adverb 
■noticeably    显著地
The council is signally failing to keep the streets clean.   市政会显然未能使街道保持清洁。



★☆☆   signalman
—————————————————
noun countable 
■someone who operates a railway signal 
  （铁路）信号员



★☆☆   signatory
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person, organization or country which has signed an agreement    签约者；缔约国
Most western European nations are signatories to/of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.   大部分西欧国家都是北大西洋公约组织的缔约国。



★☆☆   signature
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 IMPROVER  
■your name written by yourself, always in the same way, usually to show that something has been written or agreed by you    签名    Compare autograph



★☆☆   signature tune 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a short tune used in broadcasting at the beginning and/or end of a particular programme or to mark the appearance of a particular performer 
  （某个广播电视节目开始或结束时或某表演者出场时播放的）主题音乐，开始曲，结束曲



★☆☆   signet ring
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a finger ring with a flat piece at the front, which usually has a pattern cut into it    图章戒指



★☆☆   significance
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
IMPORTANCE  重要性  
 IMPROVER  
■importance    重要性，重要意义
The discovery of the new drug is of great significance for/to people suffering from heart problems.   这种新药的发现对心脏病患者来说具有重要意义。noun uncountable 
SPECIAL MEANING  特别意义  
■special meaning    特别意义，特殊含意
Do you think that look he gave you had any significance?   你觉得他看你的那一眼有甚么特殊含意吗？



★☆☆   significant
—————————————————
adjective 
IMPORTANT  重要  
 ESSENTIAL  
■important or noticeable    重要的；显著的
There has been a significant increase in the number of women students in recent years.   近年来，女学生的人数有了显著增加。
The talks between the USA and the USSR were very significant for the relationship between the two countries.   美国和苏联的谈判对两国间的关系非常重要。adjective 
SPECIAL MEANING  特殊意义  
■having a special meaning    有特殊意义的
She looked at him across the table and gave him a significant smile.   她隔着桌子望着他，给了他一个意味深长的微笑。
Do you think it 's significant that he hasn't replied to my letter yet?   你觉得他还没给我回信有甚么特别的用意吗？



★☆☆   significantly
—————————————————
adverb 
IMPORTANT  重要  
 IMPROVER  
■in a way that is easy to see or by a large amount    显著地；相当数量地
My piano playing has improved significantly since I've had a new teacher.   自从换了一位新老师，我的钢琴水准有了明显提升。adverb 
SPECIAL MEANING  特殊意义  
■in a way that suggests a special meaning    意味深长地
He said that he would be bringing a friend with him but, significantly, didn't say who it was.   他说会带一个朋友来，但耐人寻味的是，他没说出那人是谁。



★☆☆   signification
—————————————————
 specialized 
noun countable 
■the meaning (of a word) 
  （词的）意义，含意



★☆☆   signify
—————————————————
 formal 
verb 
MEAN  意指  
transitive 
■to be a sign of something; to mean    表示；意味着
Nobody really knows what the marks on the ancient stones signify.   没人真正知道那些古老石头上的记号代表甚么含意。
[+ that] The number 30 on a road sign signifies that the speed limit is 30 miles an hour.   路标上的数位30表示时速限定为30哩。 formal 
verb 
MAKE KNOWN  使知晓  
transitive 
■to make something known; to show    使知道；表明
She signified her agreement by nodding her head.   她点头表示同意。
[+ (that)] She signified (that) she was in agreement by nodding her head.   她点头表示同意。 formal 
verb 
BE IMPORTANT  重要  
intransitive 
■to have importance or to matter    很重要，要紧
Don't worry about being late - it doesn't signify.   别担心迟到——不要紧。



★☆☆   signing
—————————————————
noun countable 
■in sport, a player who has been bought by one team from another    跳槽投效他队的运动员



★☆☆   sign language 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a system of hand and body movements representing words, which is used by and to people who cannot hear or talk, or the movements which people sometimes make when talking to someone whose language they do not speak    手语，手势语



★☆☆   sign of the Zodiac 
—————————————————
noun countable (plural signs of the Zodiac)    (also star sign) (sign) 
■in astrology , any of the twelve symbols which represent parts of the year 
  （黄道十二宫中的）宫，星座
the mosaic depicts the 12 signs of the Zodiac   黄道十二宫（描述黄道十二宫标志的组合图）
"What sign are you?" "Gemini."   “你是哪个星座的？”“双子座。”



★☆☆   signpost
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
ROAD SIGN  路标  
■a pole at the side of a road, especially at a point where two or more roads meet, which gives information about routes and distances    路标
The signpost said 'London 18 miles'.   路标上写著「伦敦18哩”。UK noun countable 
SHOW FUTURE  指示未来  
■something which shows what is going to happen, or what should happen, in the future    征兆，预兆
This upturn in the country's economy is a splendid signpost to the future.   该国经济的好转预示着光明的前景。UK verb 
ROAD SIGN  路标  
transitive usually passive 
■to show the direction of something on a signpost    以路标指明方向
The road wasn't very well signposted (= provided with signposts).   这条路上的路标设置不够完善。
We found where we were going very easily, because it was signposted (= the direction was shown by signposts) all the way.   我们很容易地找到了自己要去的地方，因为一路上都有路标。UK verb 
SHOW FUTURE  指示未来  
transitive 
■to show what is going to happen in the future    预示
The early chapters of the book signpost what is going to happen further on.   这本书的头几章预示了稍后将要发生的事情。



★☆☆   Sikh
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a member of the religion which developed in the 15th century and is based on belief in a single god and on the teachings of Guru Nanak    锡克教信徒（锡克教在15世纪由印度教发展而来，信奉一神论和祖师（古鲁）那纳克的教义）



★☆☆   silage
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■grass or other green plants that are cut and stored, without being dried first, to feed cattle in winter    新鲜贮藏的饲料



★☆☆   silence
—————————————————
noun 
QUIET  安静  
 ESSENTIAL  uncountable 
■a period without any sound; complete quiet    宁静；寂静
A loud crash of thunder broke the silence of the night.   一声响雷打破了夜晚的宁静。
Silence reigned (= There was complete silence) in the church.   教堂里一片寂静。noun 
NO SPEAKING  不说话  
 ESSENTIAL  uncountable 
■a state of not speaking or writing or making a noise    无声；沉默；缄默
The soldiers listened in silence as their captain gave the orders.   指挥官下达命令时，士兵们静静地听着。
"Silence (= Stop talking) " shouted the teacher.   “安静！”老师喊道。
My request for help was met with silence (= I received no answer).   我的求助没有得到答覆。
Her silence on/about what had happened to her surprised everyone.   她对自己的遭遇保持沉默，这令每个人都感到吃惊。
Their mother's angry words reduced the children to silence.   母亲生气的训斥让孩子们都默不作声了。
I don't expect to hear from her now, after three years' silence (= three years in which she has not spoken or written to me).   三年杳无音讯后，我如今不再指望能有她的消息。
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a period of time in which there is complete quiet or no speaking    安静，无人说话
Their conversation was punctuated by uncomfortable silences.   他们的会谈中不时出现令人难堪的沉默。noun 
Silence is golden. saying 
■said to mean it is often better to say nothing    沉默是金。verb transitive 
■to make someone or something be quiet    使安静；使沉默
The teacher raised his voice to silence the class (= to make them stop talking).   老师提高嗓门让学生们安静下来。
Her remark about his appearance completely silenced him (= made him unable to answer).   她对他外貌的评价使他哑口无言。
figurative Al Capone silenced his opponents (= prevented them from opposing him) by killing them.   阿尔‧卡彭杀死了他的那些对手好让他们永远闭嘴。
figurative The enemy's guns were silenced (= made to stop firing) in a surprise attack.   敌人的枪炮在突袭中停止了。



★☆☆   silencer
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a piece of equipment that you use on a gun to reduce the sound of it firing 
  （枪枝的）消音器
UK (US and Australian English muffler) 
■a part of a vehicle that reduces noise from the engine    （引擎上的）消音器



★☆☆   silent
—————————————————
adjective 
QUIET  宁静的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■without any sound    宁静的；寂静的
The empty house was completely silent.   那栋空房子一片寂静。
literary It was four o'clock in the morning and London was as silent as the grave (= completely silent).   凌晨四点，伦敦如坟墓一样沉寂，十分安静。adjective 
NO SPEAKING  沉默的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■without talking    沉默的；缄默的
She whispered a silent prayer that her wounded brother would not die.   她默默地祷告，希望她受伤的兄弟不会死去。
The police officer told the criminal that he had the right to remain silent.   警官告诉罪犯他有权保持沉默
The minister was silent on/about his plans for the future.   部长对将来的计划保持沉默。
Arthur has always been the strong, silent type (= a type of person, usually a man, who says very little).   亚瑟一直是那种坚强而寡言的人。



★☆☆   silent film
—————————————————
(US also silent movie) 
noun countable 
■a film without any sound    默片；无声电影    Compare talkie



★☆☆   silent letter 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■A silent letter in a word is one which is written but not pronounced, such as the 'b' in 'doubt'.    不发音字母（如 doubt 中的 b）



