★☆☆   thick
—————————————————
adjective 
NOT THIN  不薄的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■having a large distance between two sides    厚的；粗的；粗壮的
a thick rope   粗绳子
a thick layer of dust   厚厚的一层灰
She picked up a thick volume and began to read out loud.   她拿起一本大部头书，开始大声朗读。
The walls are two metres thick.   墙有两米厚。
a thick (= made of thick material) sweater/coat   厚毛衣／外套adjective 
CLOSE TOGETHER  聚在一起的  
 ADVANCED  
■growing close together and in large amounts    密的，密集的；茂密的
thick forest   茂密的森林
thick dark hair   浓密的黑发
 ADVANCED  
■difficult to see through    能见度低的，浓的
Thick, black smoke was pouring out of the chimney.   浓黑的烟雾从烟囱里喷出来。adjective 
NOT FLOWING  不流动的  
■(of a liquid) not flowing easily 
  （液体）稠的，浓的
thick soup   浓汤
a thick sauce   稠酱汁
thick paint   稠油漆    Opposite thin or runnyadjective 
STUPID  愚蠢的     informal 
■stupid    愚蠢的，笨的
I told you not to touch that - are you deaf or just thick?   我告诉过你不要碰它——你是聋了还是傻了？adjective 
be (as) thick as thieves informal 
■to be very close friends and share secrets, etc.    亲密无间，非常友好
I'm sure she tells Ruth everything we say - they're as thick as thieves, those two.   我相信她会把我们所说的一切都告诉露丝——她们关系非常密切，那两人。adjective 
(as) thick as two short planks slang 
■very stupid    笨得像木头，笨到极点
He's a very skilled footballer but he's as thick as two short planks.   他是个技术很好的足球运动员，但是他这人是笨到了极点。adjective 
thick on the ground mainly UK informal 
■existing in large numbers    大量存在
Female engineers are not too thick on the ground.   女工程师并不多见。



★☆☆   thicken
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to (cause to) become thicker 
  （使）变厚（或浓、粗、密等）
Thicken the sauce with a little flour.   加少许面粉把酱汁调稠。
The smoke thickened rapidly.   烟雾很快变浓了。



★☆☆   thickener
—————————————————
UK US (also thickening) 
noun countable or uncountable 
■a substance which is used to make a liquid thicker    芡粉；增稠剂
Cornflour can be used as a thickener in sauces.   玉米淀粉可用作酱汁的增稠剂。



★☆☆   thicket
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an area of trees and bushes growing closely together    灌木丛；小树丛



★☆☆   thickness
—————————————————
noun 
uncountable 
■the quality of being thick    厚；粗
The thickness of the mulch will prevent weeds growing around the shrubs.   厚厚的覆盖物会防止灌木周围长出杂草。
Just feel the thickness of this carpet!   来摸摸这地毯有多厚！
countable or uncountable 
■the distance between the opposite sides of something    厚度（某物两对边间的距离）
How do you measure the thickness of paper?   你怎样测量纸张的厚度？
Look at the thickness of that tree trunk.   看一下那个树干的厚度。
countable 
■a layer of something    一层东西
Put several thicknesses of newspaper on the table before you start painting.   在你开始画画之前，先在桌上铺几层报纸。



★☆☆   thicko
—————————————————
UK  US (plural thickos)    informal 
noun countable 
■a stupid person    傻瓜，笨蛋



★☆☆   thickset
—————————————————
adjective 
■describes a person, especially a man, whose body is wide across the shoulders and chest and who is short; stocky 
  （尤指男人）矮壮的，敦实的
A thickset young man appeared in the doorway.   一个身材敦实的年轻人出现在门口。



★☆☆   thick-skinned
—————————————————
adjective 
■Someone who is thick-skinned does not appear to be easily hurt by criticism    厚脸皮的；感觉迟钝的
You do need to be thick-skinned to survive as a politician here.   在这里，政客要想做下去就必须脸皮厚点。



★☆☆   thief
—————————————————
 (plural thieves)
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a person who steals    小偷，贼
A post office was broken into last night, and the thieves got away with £120 000.   邮局昨晚被撬，窃贼盗走了12万英镑。
⇨ See also theft (plural thieves)
noun countable 
It takes a thief to catch a thief. saying 
■used to mean that one dishonest person can guess what another dishonest person might do    以贼捕贼；以毒攻毒。 (plural thieves)
noun countable 
like a thief in the night 
■secretly or unexpectedly and without being seen    秘密地；出乎意料地



★☆☆   thieving
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] informal 
■used to describe people who steal things    小偷，贼
Those thieving kids tried to steal my car.   那些偷东西的小孩企图偷我的汽车。noun uncountable formal 
■the activity of stealing    偷窃
His was a life of thieving and cheating.   他靠偷窃和行骗过日子。



★☆☆   thigh
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■the part of a person's leg above the knee    股；大腿



★☆☆   thigh bone
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the long bone in the upper part of the leg    股骨



★☆☆   thimble
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small cover, usually made of metal or plastic, worn to protect the finger which pushes the needle when sewing 
  （缝纫用的）顶针，针箍



★☆☆   thimbleful
—————————————————
 informal 
noun countable 
■a very small amount of liquid 
  （液体的）少量，些微
He poured a thimbleful of whisky into the glass.   他往玻璃杯里倒了一点点威士忌酒。



★☆☆   thin
—————————————————
 (thinner, thinnest)
adjective 
NOT THICK  不厚的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■having a small distance between two opposite sides    薄的；细的
a thin book   薄薄的书
thin black lines   细黑线
a thin jacket (= made from thin material)   薄夹克 (thinner, thinnest)
adjective 
NOT FAT  不胖的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■(of the body) with little flesh on the bones 
  （身体）瘦的，不肥的
Did you notice how thin her wrists were?   你注意到她的手腕有多细吗？
Thin, hungry dogs roamed the streets.   瘦瘦的饿狗们在街上遛来遛去。    Opposite fat. 
be as thin as a rake (be as thin as a rail) mainly US 
■to be very thin    非常瘦；骨瘦如柴
He eats like a horse and yet he's as thin as a rake.   他像猪一样吃得多，却骨瘦如柴。 (thinner, thinnest)
adjective 
TRANSPARENT  透明的  
■not difficult to see through    稀薄的
thin mist/cloud   薄雾／云    Opposite thick. (thinner, thinnest)
adjective 
FEW  少量的  
■having only a small number of people or a small amount of something    稀少的
Attendance at the meeting was rather thin.   到会者寥寥可数。 (thinner, thinnest)
adjective 
FLOWING EASILY  易流动的  
■(of a liquid) flowing easily 
  （液体）稀的，不黏稠的
a thin soup   稀汤    Opposite thick. (thinner, thinnest)
adjective 
WEAK  弱的  
■weak or of poor quality    弱的；拙劣的；空泛的
a thin excuse   牵强的借口
a thin disguise   容易识破的伪装
a thin smile   淡淡一笑 (thinner, thinnest)
adjective 
be thin on the ground UK 
■to exist only in small numbers or amounts    少有，不多见
Shops which will deliver goods are thin on the ground these days.   现在送货上门的商店不多见。 (thinner, thinnest)
adjective 
be thin on top informal 
■to have lost some of the hair on your head    头发稀少；谢顶
He's a bit thin on top nowadays, isn't he?   他现在有点谢顶了，是不是？ (thinner, thinnest)
adjective 
disappear / vanish into thin air 
■to disappear suddenly and completely    烟消云散，消失得无影无踪 (thinner, thinnest)
adjective 
have a thin time (of it) 
■to have bad or unhappy experiences    日子不好过
He's been having a thin time (of it) since his accident.   自从发生事故以来，他就一直过得不好。 (thinner, thinnest)
adjective 
out of thin air 
■from nothing    凭空
I can't come up with £10 000 out of thin air.   我不能凭空拿出一万英镑。 (thinner, thinnest)
adjective 
the thin end of the wedge UK 
■the start of a harmful development    事情糟糕的开始
Identity cards for football supporters could be the thin end of the wedge - soon everyone might have to carry identification.   足球迷需要出示身份证件可能只是个开始——不久可能人人都要带着证件出门。 (thinner, thinnest)
verb 
LESS THICK  变稀  
   (-nn-)
 transitive 
■to make a substance less thick, often by adding a liquid to it    使变稀，稀释
Thin the sauce down with a little stock.   加少量汤汁把调料弄稀一点。 (thinner, thinnest)
verb 
FEWER  稀少  
   intransitive or transitive (-nn-)    (also thin out) 
■When a crowd or a group thins (out), it becomes fewer in number, and when you thin (out) a group of plants or other things, you remove some to make them fewer 
  （使）稀少
The traffic will thin out after the rush hour.   交通高峰期过后车流量将减少。 (thinner, thinnest)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   thin down informal 
■If you thin down, you become less fat.    变瘦
He's thinned down a lot since I last saw him.   自我上次见到他以来，他瘦了不少。




★☆☆   thine
—————————————————
 old use 
determiner 
■your; used before a vowel sound instead of thy ; used when speaking to one person 
  （用在母音前）你的
thine eyes   你的眼睛 old use 
pronoun 
■yours; used when speaking to one person    你的（所有物）



★☆☆   thing
—————————————————
noun 
OBJECT  物品  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■used to refer in an approximate way to an object or to avoid naming it    物，东西
What's that thing over there?   那边的是甚么东西？
There are some nice things in the shops this summer.   今年夏天商店里有些好东西。
I don't eat sweet things (= sweet food).   我不吃甜食。
How does this damn thing work?   这鬼东西怎么用？
things [plural] 
 IMPROVER  
■your possessions or a particular set of your possessions    财产；（个人的）所有物，用具
All their things were destroyed in the fire.   他们的所有东西都被大火烧掉了。
Bring your swimming things if the weather's nice.   如果天气好，带上你的游泳用品。
 IMPROVER  
■a particular set of objects    成套物品
Let me help you clear away the tea things (= cups, plates, etc. that are used for having tea).   我来帮你收拾茶具。noun 
IDEA/EVENT  想法／事件  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■used to refer in an approximate way to an idea, subject, event, action, etc    想法；主题；事件；行为
That was an unkind thing to say.   那样说是不友好的。
I've got so many things to do I don't know where to start.   我有许多事情要做，都不知道从何下手。
Your information is correct but you left out one thing.   你的消息是正确的，不过你遗漏了一件事。
"What's the matter?" "It's this insurance thing. I'm really worried about it."   “怎么回事？”“是保险这事。我真的很担心。”
the thing 
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■the exact fact, object, idea, event, etc    事实（东西、想法、事件等）本身
Your letter has told me precisely the thing I needed to know.   你的信里正好有我想了解的东西。
the real thing 
 ADVANCED  
■something which is not false or a copy    真事；真品，非赝品
The fire alarm goes off accidentally so often that when it's the real thing (= when it really does happen) nobody will take any notice.   火灾报警器常常瞎响，到时候真的着火时，发警报也没有人会注意了。
the same thing 
 ADVANCED  
■the same    同样的事物
Training isn't the same thing as education.   训练与教育并不一样。
the whole thing 
 ADVANCED  
■everything that has been planned or discussed    一切（计划或讨论过的）事情
Let's call the whole thing off.   此事就此作罢吧。
I want to forget the whole thing.   我想忘掉这一切。
above all things 
■more than everything else    比其他任何事情都重要
I value my freedom above all things.   我把自由看得比甚么都重要。
in all things 
■in every situation or subject; in everything    在一切事情上；在各种情况下
Be true to yourself in all things.   任何时候都要坚持按自己的想法做。
if there's one thing I want to know/find out, etc. 
■said before describing what it is that you especially want to know or discover, etc    有一件事我想知道（一种措辞，在说明你特别想知道或发现的事情之前说的）
If there's one thing I want to know, it's where he goes on Thursday afternoons.   有一件事我想知道，那就是他每个星期四下午都到哪里去了。noun 
SITUATION  情况  
things 
 IMPROVER  [plural] 
■used to refer to the general situation    情况；形势
Things have been going very well recently.   最近情况很好。
it's a good thing 
 ADVANCED  
■If it's a good thing that something happened, it is lucky that it happened    幸好
It's a good thing (that) we booked our tickets early.   幸好我们早订了票。
the way things are (also as things stand) 
■in the present situation    从目前情况来看
The way things are, I'll never have this ready by June.   从目前情况来看，我们六月前无法准备好这一切。noun 
ANYTHING/EVERYTHING  所有事情  
a thing 
 ESSENTIAL  only singular 
■used instead of 'anything' or 'everything' to emphasize what you are saying 
  （表示强调）事情，东西
Don't worry about a thing (= anything). I'll take care of it.   甚么事情也不要操心，我会料理好一切。
not a (single) thing 
 ADVANCED  
■not anything    没有任何东西
After the guests had gone, there wasn't a thing left to eat.   客人走后，一点食物都没剩。
not have a thing to wear (also have nothing to wear) humorous 
■to have no clothes that are suitable for an occasion    没有合适的衣服可穿
I'm going to a wedding on Saturday and I don't have a thing to wear.   我周六要去参加一个婚礼，可没有合适的衣服可穿。
there isn't a thing you can do 
■you cannot do anything    无能为力；无计可施
He broke his promise and there wasn't a thing we could do about it.   他不履行诺言，对此我们无计可施。noun 
ACTION  行动  
a/one thing 
only singular 
■used to talk about a particular action, agreement, etc.    一种事；这种事（用于谈论某一特殊行动、协议等）
I went by plane, a thing I hardly ever do.   我是乘飞机去的——我很少这样。
One thing you'll have to agree to is working in the evenings.   有件你必须同意的事，就是你得在晚上工作。
the... thing 
 ESSENTIAL  only singular 
■used to make noun phrases with particular adjectives and adverbs 
  （构成带有特定形容词和副词的名词短语）
The first thing (to do) is to write your name at the top of the page.   首先要做的就是把你的名字写在这一页的上方。noun 
REASON  理由  
for one thing 
■used to introduce a reason for something    首先；一方面
"Why won't you come to New York with me?" "For one thing, I don't like flying, and for another, I can't afford it."   “你为甚么不跟我到纽约来？”“首先，我不喜欢坐飞机；再者，我买不起机票。”noun 
PERSON/ANIMAL  人／动物  
countable 
■used after an adjective to refer to a person or animal with love or sympathy    人，家伙，东西（指人或动物，带有疼爱或怜悯的感情色彩）
The poor things were kept in small cages without room to move.   这些可怜的东西都被关在小笼子里，连动一动的空间都没有。
[as form of address] You lucky thing winning a car.   你这走运的家伙，竟然赢了一辆汽车。noun 
a close/near thing UK (mainly US a close call) 
■something which almost happened    几乎发生的事
The car just missed the child but it was a very close thing.   汽车差点撞着小孩，就差那么一点点。noun 
all things being equal 
■if everything happens as expected    如果一切照常；如果一切顺利
All things being equal, I'll be at home on Tuesday.   如果一切顺利，我星期二就能回家。noun 
all things considered 
■Someone might say that something is good all things considered to mean it was generally good although the situation was not perfect    考虑到所有因素，总的说来
I think the party was great, all things considered - I mean we didn't have much time to prepare and no help, but it still went well.   总的说来，我认为晚会是成功的——我指的是我们没有多少时间准备，没人帮忙，但仍然一切顺利。noun 
all things to all men / people 
■If you try to be all things to all men/people, you try to do things which will please everyone.    使人人满意；八面玲珑noun 
and another thing 
■used to introduce one more in a series of arguments or complaints    再者，此外
And another thing, why didn't you tell me you were going out?   还有，当时你为甚么不告诉我你要出去？noun 
a thing of the past 
■something which no longer happens    往事
Giving up your seat to an older person seems to be a thing of the past.   现在好像很少人给老人让座了。noun 
a thing or two 
■some matters, facts or information    一些事情；些许知识，一星半点
I'm having trouble paying attention - I have a thing or two on my mind.   我现在很难集中注意力——我心里有事。
Why don't you ask Andrew about it? He knows a thing or two about (= has some knowledge of) computers.   这个问题为甚么不问问安德鲁？他懂点电脑。
She thinks she knows everything about raising children, but I could tell her a thing or two (= some information she does not know).   她觉得自己对于养育孩子样样精通，不过我倒可以让她见识一二。noun 
be hearing/imagining/seeing things informal 
■to think you are experiencing something which is not really happening    产生幻觉
I'm sure I saw my glasses on this table, but they're not here now. I must have been seeing things.   我肯定看见我的眼镜在桌子上，可是现在不在这里。我一定是产生幻觉了。noun 
be one thing after another (also be one thing after the other) 
■You say that it is one thing after another/the other when many things are happening in a short time    事情一件接一件
I've been so busy today. It's been one thing after another.   今天我忙得不可开交，事情一件接着一件。noun 
be on to a good thing informal 
■to have an easy and pleasant life or job in which it is not necessary to work hard    过上舒心的日子；找到好工作
He's on to a good thing, he has free accommodation in return for answering the phone when the family are out.   他可交了好运，只不过是在房东一家外出时接接电话就让他免了住宿费。noun 
do your own thing informal 
■to do what you want without worrying about what anyone else thinks of you    按照自己的方式做事，走自己的路noun 
does things to you informal 
■Something or someone that does things to you has a strong, usually enjoyable, effect on you    使震撼，深深打动
That music really does things to me.   那音乐深深打动了我。noun 
have a thing about sth/sb informal 
■to like or dislike something or someone very much    非常喜欢…；特别讨厌…
Ben's got a thing about Triumph motorbikes - he's got three of them.   本特别喜欢“凯旋”牌摩托车——他已经有三辆。   


thing 1	2. She's got a thing about spiders - she won't touch them.
 她特别讨厌蜘蛛——碰都不会碰。
noun 
How are things (with you)? informal for 
■How are you?    你好吗？noun 
If it's not one thing it's another. saying 
■used when bad things keep happening to you    按倒葫芦又起瓢；问题不断noun 
just the thing (also the very thing) 
■exactly what is needed    正是所需之物
A week's rest would be just the thing for her.   休息一周正是她所需要的。noun 
make a big thing (out) of sth informal 
■to give something too much importance    把…看得过于重要，对…小题大做
I want a party, but I don't want to make a big thing of it.   我想办一场派对，不过我不想弄得太大。noun 
not the done thing mainly UK (US usually not the thing to do) 
■not socially acceptable    不礼貌；不合礼仪
Smoking during a meal is not the done thing.   吃饭时吸烟是不礼貌的。noun 
(just) one of those things informal 
■said to mean that there was no way of planning to avoid something    命中注定的事；不可避免的事
The road was blocked, so we missed the meeting - it was just one of those things.   道路堵塞，结果我们错过了会议——这没办法。noun 
one thing leads to another 
■If one thing leads to another, there is a series of events in which each event was caused by the previous one    一环扣一环；一来二去；自然而然
At first, we were just dancing together, but one thing led to another, and I ended up in bed with him.   起初我们只是一起跳舞，一来二去，最后就与他上了床。noun 
take things easy 
■to relax and not work too hard    放松些；工作别太紧张
My doctor's told me to take things easy for a while.   我的医生让我放松一段时间。noun 
the done thing mainly UK (US usually the thing to do) 
■what you are expected to do in a social situation    礼貌，礼仪，礼节；规矩
Don't forget to shake hands - it's the done thing, you know.   别忘了握手——你知道，这是礼貌。noun 
the last thing you want/need, etc.  ADVANCED  
■something that you certainly do not want or need, etc    根本不想／不需要等的东西
Go home? That's the last thing I want to do!   回家？我决不！noun 
the (latest) thing 
■something which is very new and fashionable    新事物；时尚物品
Biodegradable plastic is the latest thing.   可生物分解塑胶是新近才有的。noun 
the thing is  IMPROVER  informal 
■used to introduce an explanation or an excuse    问题是
The thing is, my parents like me to be home by 10 o'clock.   问题是，我父母想要我十点前回家。
The thing is, the shops close early on Sundays.   问题是商店星期天很早就关门。
■used to emphasize the importance of what you are saying    要紧的是
The thing is to be watchful even when you think your child is safe.   要紧的是，即使你认为你的孩子没有问题，你也要多留点神。noun 
things that go bump in the night humorous 
■used to describe anything unknown which might be frightening, especially a noise    夜里可怕的响动；难解之谜noun 
what with one thing and another informal 
■You say what with one thing and another when you want to explain that the reason you have failed to do something is because you have been very busy    因为事情一件接着一件，因为忙得不可开交
What with one thing and another, I forgot to phone you yesterday.   由于昨天事情一件接着一件，我忘了给你打电话。noun 
  Common Learner Errors   thing or think?   Warning: Choose the right word!   These two words look similar, but they are spelled differently and have completely different meanings.



★☆☆   thingamabob
—————————————————
UK US  (also thingamajig) (UK also thingummy) informal 
noun countable 
■a word used, especially in spoken English, when the name of an object has been forgotten    那东西（指忘记其名的事物）
I need one of those red thingamabobs for this - have you got one?   要做这个我需要一个红色的那种东西——你有吗？
⇨ See also thingy



★☆☆   thingy
—————————————————
 informal 
noun only singular 
■sometimes used if you can't remember someone's or something's name    那个人，那个东西，那个玩意（用于记不清名称时）
Ask thingy over there, he'll know.   问那边的那个谁，他知道。



★☆☆   think
—————————————————
verb (thought, thought)
CONSIDER  考虑  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to believe something or have an opinion or idea    相信；觉得；思考
[+ (that)] I think (that) I've met you before.   我觉得以前见过你。
I don't think Emma will get the job.   我认为埃玛不会获得这份工作。
"Do you think (that) you could get me some stamps while you're in town?"   你进城的时候帮我买些邮票好吗？
[+ noun/adj] Salmon used to be thought expensive/thought a luxury.   鲑鱼一度被认为是昂贵的／是奢侈品。
[+ to infinitive] He was thought to have boarded the plane in New York.   据认为，他已在纽约上了飞机。
What did you think of the film?   你觉得这部电影怎么样？
What do you think about this latest government scheme?   你觉得政府的这个最新计划怎么样？
I think it is important to learn English.   我认为学英语很重要。
  Common Learner Errors   think   If you use the verb 'to be' after think to talk about an opinion or idea that you have, remember to use the subject pronoun it.   Don't say 'think is important/difficult/necessary etc', say think it is important/difficult/necessary etc :
✗ I think is very important to learn English.   I think it is very important to learn English.verb (thought, thought)
DECIDE  决定  
 ESSENTIAL  
■to use the brain to decide to do something    思考，考虑（动脑筋决定做某事）
[+ of + -ing verb] I'm thinking of taking up running.   我在考虑开始跑步。
[+ (that)] I think (that) I'll go swimming after lunch.   我想午饭后去游泳。
I'm thinking about buying a new car.   我在考虑买辆新车。
  Common Learner Errors   think   Remember: when talking about deciding to do something, think is usually followed by of/about and the -ing form.   Don't say 'think to do something', say think about/of doing something :
✗ I'm thinking to have my hair cut short.   I'm thinking about having my hair cut short.verb (thought, thought)
REASON  思考  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive 
■to use the brain to plan something, solve a problem, understand a situation, etc    考虑，想，思索
What are you thinking, Peter?   彼得，你在想甚么呢？
He just does these things without thinking and he gets himself into such a mess.   他做这些没有经过仔细考虑，结果弄得一团糟。
You think too much - that's your problem.   你想得太多——这是你的问题。
I'm sorry I forgot to mention your name. I just wasn't thinking.   对不起，我忘了提你的名字。我真糊涂。
think long and hard (also think twice) 
■to think very carefully about something    深思熟虑
I should think long and hard before you make any important decisions.   在你作出重要决定之前，我得仔细想想。
think aloud UK (US think out loud) 
■to automatically say what you are thinking    自言自语
"What did you say?" "Oh, nothing, I was just thinking aloud."   “你说甚么了？”“啊，没甚么，我只是在自言自语。”verb (thought, thought)
REMEMBER  记得  
 ADVANCED  intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to remember or imagine    想起；设想
I was just thinking about you when you phoned.   你来电时我正在想你。
She was so busy she didn't think to tell me about it.   她实在是太忙了，没有想起要告诉我这件事。verb (thought, thought)
couldn't think 
■did not know    想不出
She couldn't think wh at to do next.   她想不出下一步该怎么办。verb (thought, thought)
I can't think 
■I do not know    我弄不懂，我不知道
I can't think why she hasn't phoned.   我不明白为甚么她没有打电话。verb (thought, thought)
I think not 
■a formal way of disagreeing or saying no    我不这样认为；不
"Will you be going tonight James?" "I think not."   “詹姆斯，你今晚要走吗？”“我不走。”verb (thought, thought)
I thought as much 
■used to say that you are not surprised by what someone has said or done    我早就料到了
"I came to ask you a favour." "I thought as much."   “我来请你帮忙的。”“我早就料到了。”verb (thought, thought)
not be thinking straight 
■to not be thinking clearly or using good judgment    没想清楚，没好好动脑筋
I'm sorry, that was a stupid thing to do - I wasn't thinking straight.   对不起，那样做太愚蠢了——我当时没有想好。verb (thought, thought)
think again 
■to form a new opinion about something or decide to change your decision on it, often after learning more about it    再想想，重新考虑
When the children are misbehaving, it makes me think again about having a large family.   孩子淘气时，我就会重新考虑要不要拥有一个子女众多的大家庭。verb (thought, thought)
think better of sth 
■to decide that something is not a good idea    决定不做…，改变对…的主意
Originally we were going to buy John's old car, but we thought better of it.   我们原计划买约翰的旧车，但后来觉得还是不买好。verb (thought, thought)
think big 
■to have plans to be very successful or powerful    立大志，雄心勃勃
You need to think big if you want to succeed.   要想成功必须立大志。verb (thought, thought)
think nothing of sth 
■to consider that an activity is easy and not unusual    认为…容易，看轻
When I was younger, I thought nothing of cycling 50 miles in a day.   年轻时，我觉得一天骑50英里自行车算不了甚么。verb (thought, thought)
think on your feet 
■to make a quick decision or give an answer quickly    思维敏捷
I'd never heard about the firm before, so I had to think on my feet.   我以前从来没有听说过这家公司，只好临时随机应变。verb (thought, thought)
think outside the box 
■to think imaginatively using new ideas instead of traditional or expected ideas    跳出传统的思维框框，以新的眼光看问题，独辟蹊径verb (thought, thought)
to sb's way of thinking 
■in a particular person's opinion 
  （某人）个人看来
To my way of thinking, the plan should never have been approved.   照我的想法，这个计划根本不该批准的。verb (thought, thought)
Who would have thought it? 
■used to say that you are very surprised something has happened    谁会想得到呢？
So, Adrian is going out with Emma, is he? Who would have thought it?   那么，阿德里安一直在与埃玛约会，是吗？真想不到！verb (thought, thought)
  Phrasal Verbs   think back 
■to remember something that happened in the past    回想起，追忆
It might help you to understand Elaine if you think back to when you were her age.   回想一下你在她这个年龄时的所作所为，可能会有助你理解伊莱恩。verb (thought, thought)
  Phrasal Verbs   [R] think for yourself 
■to make your own decisions and form your own opinions, without depending on other people    独立思考
It's no good asking me all the time, Anna - you're going to have to learn to think for yourself.   安娜，甚么事都问我对你没好处——你得学会自己拿主意。verb (thought, thought)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] think of sth  ADVANCED  
■to produce a new idea or plan    想出；发明
We'll have to think of a pretty good excuse for being late.   我们得想一个很好的迟到借口。verb (thought, thought)
  Phrasal Verbs   think of sth/sb  ADVANCED  
■If you think of something or someone in a particular way, you have that opinion about them    认为，觉得
I think of him as someone who will always help me.   我觉得他是一个随时会帮助我的人。
What do you think of (= do you like) my new dress?   你觉得我的新衣服怎么样？
think highly/well/a lot, etc. of sb (also think the world of sb) 
■to have a good opinion of someone or something    对（某人）评价高
She thinks very highly of her boss.   她对她老板的评价很高。
not think much of sb/sth 
■to have a low opinion of someone or something    对…评价低，不喜欢
I don't think much of having to work on Saturdays.   我不情愿在星期六工作。§/&#x3B8;&#x26A;&#x14B;k/


think 1	 verb (thought, thought)
  Phrasal Verbs   think of/about sb/sth  ESSENTIAL  
■to remember or imagine someone or something    记起，想起；想像
I thought of you immediately when they said they wanted someone who could speak English.   当他们说想找一个会说英语的人时，我马上想到了你。
He was thinking about the time he spent in the army.   他回忆起在部队的那段时光。verb (thought, thought)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] think sth out 
■to consider all the possible details of something    仔细考虑，全面考虑
The scheme was well thought out.   这个计划是经过仔细考虑的。verb (thought, thought)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] think sth over  ADVANCED  
■to consider an idea or plan carefully before making a decision 
  （作决定前）认真考虑
I'll think it over and give you an answer next week.   我会认真考虑的，下周给你答覆。verb (thought, thought)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] think sth through 
■to carefully consider the possible results of doing something    认真考虑；想透
I need some time to think it through - I don't want to make any sudden decisions.   我需要一些时间来考虑这件事——我不想匆忙作决定。verb (thought, thought)
  Phrasal Verbs   think sth up 
■to produce a new idea or plan    想出（新主意或新计划）
I don't want to go tonight but I can't think up a good excuse.   我今晚不想去，但又想不出一个好的借口。noun 
have a think 
■UK to consider something for some time    考虑，思索，思考
Let me have a think about it before I decide.   在我作出决定前，先让我考虑考虑。
Have a think over the weekend and tell me what you've decided.   周末先好好想想，再告诉我你的决定。



★☆☆   thinker
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who considers important subjects or produces new ideas    思想家
a political/religious thinker   政治／宗教思想家
He was known for being an original thinker.   他以思想独特而闻名。



★☆☆   thinking
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■when you use your mind to consider something    想，思考
I'll have to do some thinking about how best to arrange the books.   我得想一想怎样摆放这些书最好。
■someone's ideas or opinions    想法，看法；观点
What's the thinking behind the decision to combine the two departments?   决定合并这两个部门是出于甚么考虑？
The book discusses the impact of Christian thinking on western society.   这本书探讨了基督教思想对西方社会的影响。noun uncountable 
put your thinking cap on 
■to think seriously about something    认真考虑
I'm in need of some interesting suggestions so if you can put your thinking cap on I'd be grateful.   我需要一些有意思的建议，如果你能帮我好好想想，我会很感激。adjective [before noun] 
■describes people who use their minds to consider things carefully    有思想的；认真思考的
All thinking people realise that we must stop wasting our natural resources.   所有有头脑的人都意识到我们必须停止浪费自然资源。adjective [before noun] 
the thinking woman's / man's crumpet UK humorous 
■a way of describing a man or a woman who is popular with the opposite sex because they are intelligent as well as being physically attractive    女人／男人眼里的香饽饽；性感而有智慧的男人／女人
Paxman is surely the ultimate thinking woman's crumpet.   毫无疑问，帕克斯曼是女人眼里最有智慧最性感的男人。



★☆☆   think tank 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a group of experts brought together, usually by a government, to develop ideas on a particular subject and to make suggestions for action    智囊团



★☆☆   thinly
—————————————————
adverb 
NOT THICK  薄  
■made or done so that something is not thick    薄薄地
thinly -sliced ham   薄片火腿adverb 
FEW  很少  
■with only a small number of people or things, or without the people or things being close to each other    稀疏地，稀薄地，稀少地（只有极少的人或物，或人或物相距很远）
a thinly populated area   人口稀少的地区
thinly planted seedlings   稀疏种植的幼苗adverb 
TRANSPARENT  透明的  
■in a way that is not difficult to see through or to recognize    透明地；稀薄地；明白地（容易看穿或容易识别）
A light mist thinly covered the summit.   薄雾疏疏地挂在山峰上。
a thinly disguised lie   容易识破的谎话



★☆☆   thinner
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a substance added especially to paint to make it flow more easily 
  （尤指油漆的）稀释剂，稀料
paint thinner   油漆稀释剂



★☆☆   thin-skinned
—————————————————
adjective 
■easily hurt by criticism or easily made unhappy    脸皮薄的；易生气的



★☆☆   third
—————————————————
UK ordinal number 
 ESSENTIAL  only singular 
■3rd written as a word    第三（的）
the third road on the right   右边第三条路
the third time   第三次
"What's the date today?" "It's the third."   “今天几号？”“今天三号。”
She came third in the exam.   她在考试中得了第三名。UK ordinal number 
the third degree informal 
■asking serious questions and/or giving someone rough treatment to get information    严厉盘问；逼供；刑讯
I got the third degree when I got home last night.   昨晚我回家时被家人严厉盘问。UK noun countable 
PART  部分  
■one of three equal parts of something    三分之一（某物三等份之其一）
He cut the cake into thirds (= three equal parts).   他把蛋糕切成三份。UK noun countable 
QUALIFICATION  资格  
countable 
■a degree qualification from a British university that is below a 2:2    三等学位（英国大学的一种低等学历）



★☆☆   third-degree burn
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a very serious burn in which the flesh is destroyed    三度烧伤    Compare first-degree burn ; second-degree burn



★☆☆   third generation
—————————————————
(abbreviation 3G) 
adjective 
■describes technology that is new and improved, especially mobile phones on which you can use the Internet, watch television, etc. 
  （尤指手提电话的）第三代技术



★☆☆   thirdly
—————————————————
UK adverb 
■used in order to introduce the third thing in a list    第三
There are three factors to take into account: firstly cost, secondly time, and thirdly staff.   有三个因素需要考虑：一是成本，二是时间，三是人员。



★☆☆   third party
—————————————————
legal 
noun countable usually singular 
■a third person or organization less directly involved in a matter than the main people or organizations that are involved    第三人；协力厂商；第三者



★☆☆   third-party insurance
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■insurance that will pay money to a person or group damaged in some way by the person or group who has this insurance    协力厂商保险（当投保人导致协力厂商个人或团体生命财产损失时为其支付赔偿金的险种）



★☆☆   third-rate
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■of low quality    三流的；劣质的
I don't want to work for some third-rate company.   我不想为不入流的公司工作。



★☆☆   thirst
—————————————————
UK noun 
NEED FOR DRINK  需要饮水  
[S or U] 
■a need for something to drink    渴，口渴
Hundreds of refugees collapsed from hunger and thirst.   成百上千的难民饥渴得瘫倒在地上。
I've got a terrible thirst after all that running.   跑了那么长的路，我渴得要命。
I woke up with a thumping headache and a raging (= extreme) thirst.   我醒来时头痛欲裂，口渴难耐。UK noun 
WISH  渴望  
only singular literary 
■a strong wish    渴望
He's always had a thirst for adventure.   他总是渴望冒险。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   thirst after/for sth literary 
■to feel very strongly that you want and need a particular thing    渴求，渴望
to be thirsting for justice/truth/adventure   渴求正义／真理／冒险




★☆☆   thirst-quenching
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes a drink that stops you feeling thirsty 
  （饮料）解渴的
I'd like something thirst-quenching - an orange juice, I think.   我想要点解渴的－－我想我要一杯橙汁吧。



★☆☆   thirsty
—————————————————
UK adjective 
NEED FOR DRINK  口渴的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■needing to drink    口渴的
I felt/was hot and thirsty after my game of squash.   壁球比赛后，我又热又渴。UK adjective 
WISH  渴望     literary 
■Someone who is thirsty for power,knowledge, etc. wants to have it very much.    渴求（权力、知识等）的



★☆☆   thirsty work
—————————————————
informal 
noun uncountable 
■hard physical work that makes you thirsty 
  （使人口渴的）重体力工作
Sawing wood is thirsty work.   锯木头是重体力工作。



★☆☆   thirteen
—————————————————
UK number 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the number 13 
  （数字）13
eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen   11，12，13，14
Some people think that thirteen is an unlucky number.   一些人认为十三是个不吉利的数字。



★☆☆   thirteenth
—————————————————
UK ordinal number 
■13th written as a word    第十三（的）UK noun countable 
■one of thirteen equal parts of something    十三分之一（某物十三等份之其一）



★☆☆   thirties
—————————————————
UK plural noun 
■A person's thirties are the period in which they are aged between 30 and 39    三十多岁（指30到39岁的时期）
My brother is in his thirties.   我弟弟三十几岁。
the thirties 
■the range of temperature between 30° and 39° 
  （温度）三十多度
The temperature is expected to be in the thirties tomorrow.   明天气温预计为三十几度。
■the period of years between 30 and 39 in any century    三十年代
My family fled Germany in the thirties.   我们家在30年代逃离了德国。



★☆☆   thirtieth
—————————————————
UK ordinal number 
■30th written as a word    第三十UK noun countable 
■one of thirty equal parts of something    三十分之一（某物三十等份之其一）



★☆☆   thirty
—————————————————
UK number 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the number 30 
  （数字）30
twenty, thirty, forty   20，30，40
She got married when she was thirty (years old).   她三十岁时结婚的。



★☆☆   this
—————————————————
determiner (plural these)
 ESSENTIAL  
■used for a person, object, idea, etc. to show which one is referred to    这，这个
Can you sign this form here for me?   请你在这表上签个名好吗？
These books are too heavy for me to carry.   这些书太重了，我拿不动。
informal We met this girl (= the girl I am going to tell you about) in the hotel.   我们在旅馆里遇到这姑娘。
This is the one I want.   这就是我要的那个。
What's this? Is this what you're looking for?   这是甚么？这是你要找的吗？
What's this I hear about your moving to Scotland?   我听说你要移居苏格兰，是怎么回事？
by this time (also before this) 
■already    已经
I thought you'd have finished by this time.   我以为你这之前已经完成了。determiner (plural these)
this and that (also this, that and the other) informal 
■various things    各种各样的事情
"What were you talking about?" "Oh, this and that."   “你们刚才在谈论甚么？”“啊，闲聊。”adverb 
 ESSENTIAL  
■as much as shown or to a particular degree    这么；这样
It was only about this high off the ground.   它离地面只有这么高。
She has never been this late for school before.   她以前上学从没有迟到过这么久。



★☆☆   thistle
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a wild plant with sharp points on the leaves and, typically, purple flowers    蓟（叶带尖刺，多开紫色花）
The thistle is the national emblem of Scotland.   蓟是苏格兰的国花。



★☆☆   thistledown
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the mass of thin soft white threads which are joined to thistle seeds and which help them to be blown through the air 
  （白色）蓟种子冠毛



★☆☆   thither
—————————————————
UK US old use 
adverb 
■to that place, in that direction    到那里，向那里；在那里



★☆☆   THNQ 
—————————————————
■written abbreviation for 
■thank you: used in emails and text messages    谢谢你（THNQ 代表“谢谢你（Thank You）”，用于电子邮件和文字讯息中）



★☆☆   thong
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
NARROW PIECE  窄长物件  
■a narrow piece of especially leather used to fasten something or as part of a whip    皮带；条带；（皮）鞭UK noun countable 
UNDERWEAR  内衣  
■a piece of underwear or the bottom part of a bikini with a very narrow part at the back which does not cover the bottom 
  （背后为窄条的）露臀内衣；（比基尼泳衣的）臀部部分UK noun countable 
SHOE  鞋     US for 
■flip-flop 



★☆☆   thorax
—————————————————
UK US  (/'&#x3B8;&#x254;:.r&#x259;.s&#x26A;:z/ plural thoraces or thoraxes)    specialized 
noun countable 
■in humans and animals, the middle part of the body below the neck and above the waist 
  （人的）胸，胸廓
■in insects, the middle part of the body, between the head and the abdomen (= end part) 
  （昆虫的）胸，胸部



★☆☆   thorn
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a small sharp pointed growth on the stem of a plant 
  （植物茎上的）刺，荆棘UK noun countable 
thorn in your flesh/side 
■a person or thing that repeatedly annoys you or causes you pain    肉中刺，眼中钉
A relentless campaigner, he was a thorn in the government's side for a number of years.   作为一名不屈不挠的活动家，多年来他一直是政府的眼中钉。



★☆☆   thorny
—————————————————
UK adjective 
PROBLEM/SUBJECT  问题／题目  
[before noun] 
■describes a problem or subject that is difficult to deal with    棘手的，麻烦的
the thorny issue of taxation   棘手的税收问题UK adjective 
PLANT  植物的  
■having thorns    多刺的；带刺的
a thorny rose bush   带刺的玫瑰丛



★☆☆   thorough
—————————————————
UK adjective 
CAREFUL  仔细的  
 ADVANCED  
■detailed and careful    仔细的
a thorough revision of the manuscript   对手稿的仔细修改
They did a thorough search of the area but found nothing.   他们仔细搜索了该地区，但一无所获。UK adjective 
COMPLETE  完全的  
■complete, very great, very much    彻头彻尾的；完全的；十足的
It was a thorough waste of time.   这完全是浪费时间。



★☆☆   thoroughbred
—————————————————
UK adjective noun countable 
■(a horse) with parents which are of the same breed and have good qualities    纯种马，良种马；（马）纯种的，良种的
a thoroughbred racehorse   纯种赛马



★☆☆   thoroughfare
—————————————————
UK US formal 
noun countable 
■a main road for public use or a passage through somewhere    大街，通衢，大道
no thoroughfare 
■On road signs, no thoroughfare means no entry or do not go in.    禁止通行



★☆☆   thoroughgoing
—————————————————
UK UK US UK formal 
adjective 
■complete, detailed, careful    彻底的，完全的；仔细的
a thoroughgoing reform of the economy   彻底的经济改革



★☆☆   thoroughly
—————————————————
UK adverb 
VERY MUCH  非常  
 IMPROVER  
■completely, very much    非常
I thoroughly enjoyed the performance.   我非常喜欢这个演出。UK adverb 
CAREFULLY  仔细的  
■in a detailed and careful way    仔细的
We went through the report thoroughly but the information we wanted wasn't given anywhere.   我们仔细查看了该报告，但没有找到我们需要的资讯。



★☆☆   those
—————————————————
UK determiner pronoun plural of 
 ESSENTIAL  
■that 



★☆☆   thou 
—————————————————
pronoun]Daʊ/    old use 
■you; used when speaking to one person    汝，尔，你noun countable /ɵaʊ/
 (plural thou)   informal for 
■thousand, especially when referring to an amount of money 
  （尤指钱数）一千
"How much do you reckon it cost him?" "About thirty thou."   “你估计这个东西花了他多少钱？”“大约三万。”



★☆☆   though
—————————————————
UK conjunction 
 ESSENTIAL  
■despite the fact that    虽然，尽管
She hasn't phoned, even though she said she would.   虽然她说过要打电话，可还没打。
 ESSENTIAL  
■but    可是，不过
They're coming next week, though I don't know which day.   他们下周要来，但我不知道是哪天。
as though 
 ESSENTIAL  
■as if    好像，似乎
You look as though you've had a bad time!   你看上去好像过得很不好！UK adverb 
■despite this    尽管
We were at school together. I haven't seen her for years though.   我们是校友，但我已多年没见过她了。



★☆☆   thought
—————————————————
UK verb    past simple and past participle of 
■think UK noun countable or uncountable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the act of thinking about or considering something, an idea or opinion, or a set of ideas about a particular subject    思考；考虑；思想
Ask me again tomorrow. I'll have to give it some thought.   明天再问我吧，我还得考虑一下。
She doesn't give any thought to her appearance.   她根本不注意自己的仪表。
Let me have your thoughts on that report by Friday.   星期五之前告诉我你对那份报告的看法吧。
Spare a thought for (= Think about) all those without shelter on a cold night like this.   想想那些在这样的寒夜无处栖身的人们。
He's the author of a book on the history of European thought.   他写过一本有关欧洲思想史的书。
You sent her a card? That was a kind thought.   你给她送了贺卡？你想得很周到。UK noun countable or uncountable 
that's a thought 
■that's a good idea    那是个好主意
"Shall we go on Thursday instead of Friday?" "That's a thought."   “我们把星期五去改成星期四去好吗？”“好主意。”UK noun countable or uncountable 
the thought crosses sb's mind 
■If the thought of (doing) something crosses someone's mind, they think about it for a short time 
  （某人的）头脑中闪过…念头
The thought had crossed my mind that I might need some help with the project.   我脑中曾闪过这样的念头——项目上我可能需要帮助。UK noun countable or uncountable 
with no thought for sth 
■not thinking about a particular thing    对…不考虑
With no thought for his own safety, he rushed towards the burning car.   他不顾个人安危，冲向着火的汽车。



★☆☆   thoughtful
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■carefully considering things    考虑周到的；计划周密的
He has a thoughtful approach to his work.   他工作很细心周到。
 ADVANCED  
■quiet because you are thinking about something    沉思的
You look thoughtful.   你看起来心里有事。
 ADVANCED  
■kind and always thinking about how you can help other people    体贴的，关心的
Thank you for phoning when I was ill - it was very thoughtful of you.   我生病时谢谢你打电话来问候——你真是体贴人。
She's a very thoughtful person.   她是一个很体贴的人。    Opposite thoughtless



★☆☆   thoughtless
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■not considering how your actions or words may upset someone    欠考虑的；不为他人着想的；粗心的
It was thoughtless not to phone and say you'd be late.   要晚了都不打个电话，你太不体谅人。
She's not intentionally unkind - she's just a little thoughtless sometimes.   她不是故意不友好——她只是有时有点粗心。



★☆☆   thought-out
—————————————————
UK adjective [after verb] 
■If something is carefully/well/badly thought-out, it is carefully/well/badly planned    经过（仔细或仓促）考虑的
To me the whole scheme seems to be badly thought-out.   我觉得整个计划似乎考虑得很不周全。



★☆☆   thought-provoking
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■making you think a lot about a subject    引人深思的，发人深省的
a thought-provoking book/film   引人深思的书／电影



★☆☆   thousand
—————————————————
 (plural thousand or thousands)
number 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the number 1000 
  （数字）1000
a thousand/thousands of sth informal 
■a large number    一个大的数字
I've got a thousand things to do before we go on holiday.   我们去渡假前，我还有很多事情要做。
the thousands 
■numbers between 1000 and 1 000 000    成千上万（介乎1,000和1,000,000之间的数字）
His latest work is expected to sell in the thousands.   他的最新作品预计可卖出上千上万册。 (plural thousand or thousands)
number 
  Common Learner Errors   thousands (of sth) or thousand?   When thousand is used after a particular number, it is used in the singular form and without 'of'.   Don't say 'five/ten/fifteen thousands of sth', say five/ten/fifteen thousand sth:
✗ The stadium can hold fifty thousands of fans.   The stadium can hold fifty thousand fans.   When thousand is used without a particular number, it is used in the plural form and is sometimes followed by 'of':   The stadium can hold thousands (of fans).



★☆☆   thousandth
—————————————————
ordinal number 
■1000 th written as a word    第一千
Sir Alex Ferguson recently celebrated his thousandth match in charge of Manchester United.   亚历克斯‧弗格森先生最近庆祝他带领曼彻斯特联队以来进行的第1000场比赛。noun countable 
■one of a thousand equal parts of something    一千分之一（某物一千等份之其一）
a thousandth of a millimetre thick   千分之一毫米厚



★☆☆   thrash
—————————————————
verb 
HIT  打  
transitive 
■to hit a person or animal hard many times as a punishment 
  （作为惩罚）毒打，痛打
His father used to thrash him when he was a boy.   当他还是孩子时，他的父亲经常鞭打他。
He thrashed the horse with his whip.   他用鞭子狠狠抽这匹马。verb 
MOVE  移动  
intransitive 
■to move from side to side in a violent or uncontrolled way    猛烈摆动；剧烈扭动；翻腾
He was screaming and thrashing around on the floor.   他大喊大叫，在地上翻滚。verb 
DEFEAT  打败  
transitive informal 
■to defeat someone thoroughly in a game or sports competition 
  （比赛中）彻底击败
We thrashed the visiting team 6-0.   我们以6比0大败客队。verb 
REMOVE SEEDS  去除种子  
intransitive or transitive 
■to thresh    打谷；脱粒verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] thrash sth out informal 
■to discuss a problem in detail until you reach an agreement or find a solution    彻底讨论（直到找到解决办法）；透过反覆商讨解决
If we've got an important decision to make, we sometimes spend a whole day thrashing it out in a meeting.   当我们要作重大决策时，有时会开一整天的会来商定。




★☆☆   thrash metal 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a very fast type of heavy metal music, that also has some features of punk rock    鞭挞金属乐（一种快节奏的重金属摇滚乐，具有朋克摇滚乐的某些特点）



★☆☆   thread
—————————————————
noun 
FIBRE  纤维  
countable or uncountable 
■(a length of) a very thin fibre    线
needle and thread   针线
loose threads   松的线
countable 
■a long thin line of something such as light or smoke 
  （光、烟等）线状物，线状体
A thin thread of light made its way through the curtains.   一缕光线透过帘子射进来。noun 
CONNECTION  关连  
countable 
■The thread of a book, discussion, speech, etc. is its story or the way that it develops, one part connecting with another    思路；贯穿的主线
One of the main threads of the film is the development of the relationship between the boy and his uncle.   电影的其中一条主线是男孩和他叔叔之间的关系发展。
Unfortunately my attention wandered for a moment and I lost the thread of (= forgot) what I was saying.   遗憾的是我一时失神，忘了刚才在说甚么。
countable 
■a connected group of pieces of writing on the Internet, where people are talking about a particular subject    帖子（网际网路上一组相关的文章，全都围绕人们谈论的一个特定主题）
I was so pleased to find this thread, and to know that lots of people have the same problem as me!   我很高兴看到这个帖子，发现很多人和我一样都有这个问题！noun 
SCREW  螺钉  
countable 
■a continuous raised line, such as the one which goes around the outside of a screw or bolt or the inside of a hole    螺纹verb transitive 
■to put something long and thin such as string or thread through a narrow hole or into a small space    穿线于；使穿过
to thread a needle   穿针
The sari had gold strands threaded through the material.   这件莎丽的布料间穿上了金线。verb transitive 
thread your way through/between, etc. 
■to move carefully through a crowded space, changing direction in order to avoid people or things 
  （避开障碍）穿过，通过（拥挤地带）
She threaded her way through the crowded market place.   她穿过人群拥挤的市场。



★☆☆   threadbare
—————————————————
UK adjective 
THIN  薄的  
■describes material or clothes that have become thin or damaged because they have been used a lot 
  （织物或衣服）磨光露底的，穿旧的
a threadbare coat   磨破的外套UK adjective 
WEAK  弱的  
■A threadbare excuse, argument or idea is not strong and no longer persuades people because it is old or has been used too much 
  （借口、论点或想法）陈旧的，老一套的
a threadbare excuse   老掉牙的借口



★☆☆   threat
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a suggestion that something unpleasant or violent will happen, especially if a particular action or order is not followed    威胁，恐吓
[+ to infinitive] She carried out her threat to throw away any clothes that were left on the floor.   她将她的威胁付诸行动，把丢在地上的衣服全都扔掉了。
The threat of jail failed to deter him from petty crime.   坐牢没能吓住他搞小偷小摸。
Drunken drivers pose a serious threat (= cause a lot of harm) to other road users.   酒后驾车者对其他路人构成了严重威胁。
He says he'll tell the authorities but it's just an empty threat (= it will not happen).   他称他要向当局报告，不过那只是一句吓唬人的话。
be under threat of sth 
■to be in a situation where people are threatening you with something bad or unpleasant    受到…的威胁
She left the country under threat of arrest if she returned.   她离开了那个国家，并被警告，一旦返回就会被逮捕。



★☆☆   threaten
—————————————————
verb 
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to tell someone that you will kill or hurt them, or cause problems for them if they do not do what you want    威胁，恐吓；扬言要
They threatened the shopkeeper with a gun.   他们用枪威胁店主。
[+ to infinitive] They threatened to kill him unless he did as they asked.   他们威胁要杀他，除非他按他们说的去做。
transitive 
■to be likely to cause harm or damage to something or someone    威胁到；危害到
Changing patterns of agriculture are threatening the countryside.   农业模式的不断变化可能会对农村造成破坏。
intransitive 
■If something bad threatens to happen, it is likely to happen    预示凶兆；逼近
Look at those clouds! There's a storm threatening.   看那些云！暴风雨要来了。



★☆☆   threatening
—————————————————
adjective 
■expressing a threat of something unpleasant or violent    威胁（性）的，恐吓（性）的
threatening behaviour   威胁行为



★☆☆   three
—————————————————
number 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the number 3 
  （数字）三
I've got three sisters.   我有三个姐妹。
School finishes at three o'clock.   学校在三点钟放学。number 
the three Rs informal 
■used to refer to the basic areas of education: reading, writing and mathematics    基础教育三要素（指读、写、算）



★☆☆   three-dimensional
—————————————————
 (abbreviation 3-D) 
adjective 
■having or appearing to have three dimensions (= length, width, and height) and therefore looking real    三维的，立体的
The picture had a three-dimensional effect.   这幅图有三维效果。



★☆☆   three-legged race
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a race in which the right leg of one person is tied to the left leg of another person, and the two people run together as if they had three legs 
  （一人右腿和另一人左腿绑在一起的）三足赛跑，绑腿跑



★☆☆   three-line whip
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■In Britain, a three-line whip is an instruction given to Members of Parliament by the leaders of their party telling them they must vote in the way that the party wants them to on a particular subject.    紧急指令（指政党领袖要求该党议员按照党的要求投票的指令）



★☆☆   threepence
—————————————————
 old use 
noun uncountable 
■a small thick brass coin used in Britain until 1971, or an earlier silver-coloured coin, which was worth three old pennies , or this amount of money 
  （英国旧时的）三便士硬币



★☆☆   threepenny
—————————————————
 old use 
adjective [before noun] 
■worth or costing three old pennies 
  （价值）三便士的
a threepenny bit   三便士的硬币



★☆☆   three-piece suit
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a matching jacket, trousers and waistcoat (= a top without sleeves which is worn over a shirt) especially for men 
  （尤指男子穿的）三件套衣服（包括上衣、裤子和马甲）



★☆☆   three-piece suite
—————————————————
 UK (US living room suite) 
noun countable 
■a sofa with two matching chairs    三件套家俱（包括一个沙发和两把配套椅子）



★☆☆   three-ply
—————————————————
adjective noun uncountable 
PAPER/WOOD  纸／木  
■(wood, tissues , toilet paper , etc.) made of three layers joined together 
  （木板、纸巾等）三层的，三重的；三层胶合板；三层纸巾adjective noun uncountable 
WOOL  羊毛  
■(wool) having three threads woven together to make one 
  （毛线）三股的；三股头毛线



★☆☆   three-point turn
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a method of turning a car round to face the other direction by moving forwards across the road, then backwards in the opposite direction across the road and then forwards again    三点转向（指在公路上把汽车前驶、后退再前驶以转向的方法）



★☆☆   three-quarter length
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■A three-quarter length coat is between the length of a jacket and a coat. 
  （大衣）四分之三长的，七分长的



★☆☆   three quarters 
—————————————————
determiner 
■three fourths of something    四分之三



★☆☆   threesome
—————————————————
 informal 
noun countable 
■three people as a group    三人一组



★☆☆   three-star
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■Something such as a service or a hotel that is three-star is of good quality. 
  （服务品质、饭店等级等）三星级的



★☆☆   three-wheeler
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a vehicle with three wheels    三轮车



★☆☆   thresh
—————————————————
 (also thrash) 
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to remove the seeds of crop plants by hitting them, using either a machine or a hand tool 
  （用机器或手持工具）使（谷物）脱粒



★☆☆   threshold
—————————————————
UK noun 
ENTRANCE  入口  
countable 
■the floor of an entrance to a building or room    门槛UK noun 
LEVEL  水准  
countable usually singular 
■the level or point at which you start to experience something, or at which something starts to happen    阈，界限；起点
I have a low/high boredom threshold (= I do/don't feel bored easily).   我很容易／不容易感到厌倦。
His secretary earns £268 a month, well below the threshold for paying tax.   他的秘书每月赚268英镑，远远不够纳税的标准。UK noun 
on the threshold of sth 
■at the start of a new and important time or development    在…的开始，在…的起点
We are on the threshold of a new era in European relations.   我们欧洲国家间的关系即将进入一个新时代。



★☆☆   threw
—————————————————
verb    past participle of 
■throw 



★☆☆   thrice
—————————————————
 old use 
adverb 
■three times    三次



★☆☆   thrift
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
AVOIDING WASTE  节俭  
■the careful use of money, especially by avoiding waste    节约，节俭noun uncountable 
PLANT  植物  
■a small plant with, typically, pink flowers on long stems which often grows wild on cliffs by the sea    海石竹（一种小型野生植物，一般茎较长，开粉色花，常生长在海边峭岩上）



★☆☆   thrift shop
—————————————————
US (UK charity shop) 
noun countable 
■a shop which sells clothes and other goods that people no longer want, in order to raise money for people who are ill or have no food, homes, etc. 
  （为慈善目的而开设的）廉价旧货店



★☆☆   thrifty
—————————————————
adjective 
■showing a careful use of money, especially by avoiding waste    节约，节俭
They have plenty of money now, but they still tend to be thrifty.   他们现在很有钱，但仍很节俭。



★☆☆   thrill
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a feeling of extreme excitement, usually caused by something pleasant    兴奋；激动；紧张感
the thrill of winning a competition   赢得比赛的激动
So why do people still go hunting - is it the thrill of the chase?   那么为甚么人们还去打猎——是不是因为追捕猎物让人感到兴奋刺激?
It gave me a real thrill to see her again after so many years.   这么多年以后与她重逢，着实令我激动。
The video shows the thrills and spills (= excitement and accidents) of motor racing.   录像呈现了紧张刺激的赛车场面。verb intransitive or transitive 
■to make someone feel very excited and pleased    兴奋；激动；紧张感
Ballesteros thrilled the golf world with his performance.   巴列斯特罗斯以精湛的球技震动了高尔夫球界。



★☆☆   thrilled
—————————————————
adjective 
■extremely pleased    极愉快的
[+ that] I was thrilled that so many people turned up to the party.   这么多人参加派对，我太高兴了。adjective 
thrilled to bits informal 
■extremely pleased    极愉快的
She was thrilled to bits with her present.   她对她的礼物喜欢得不得了。



★☆☆   thriller
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a book, play or film which has an exciting story, often about solving a crime 
  （常指关于侦破罪案的）惊悚小说（或戏剧、电影）
It's described here as a taut, psychological thriller.   该作品在这处被称为结构严密的心理惊悚小说。



★☆☆   thrilling
—————————————————
adjective 
■extremely exciting    令人激动的；惊险的；紧张的
The book is a thrilling adventure story.   这是一部情节紧张的冒险小说。



★☆☆   thrive
—————————————————
 (thrived or US ALSO throve, thrived or US ALSO thriven)
verb intransitive 
■to grow, develop or be successful    茁壮成长；兴旺，繁荣
His business thrived in the years before the war.   战前那些年，他的生意很兴隆。
She seems to thrive on stress.   她似乎很擅长在压力下工作。



★☆☆   throat
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 IMPROVER  
■the front of the neck, or the space inside the neck down which food and air can go    颈前部；咽喉，喉咙
A fish bone got stuck in my throat.   我喉咙里鲠了一根鱼刺。
a sore throat   咽喉痛
He cleared his throat (= coughed so he could speak more clearly) and started speaking.   他清了清嗓子，然后开始讲话。UK noun countable 
at each other's throats 
■If two people are at each other's throats, they are arguing angrily 
  （两人）激烈争吵
Those two are always at each other's throats.   那两人总是吵个没完。UK noun countable 
force/ram sth down sb's throat 
■to force someone to listen to opinions and ideas and to try to get them to accept them    强迫（某人）接受
I can't bear it when someone starts ramming their views down your throat.   我受不了别人把自己的观点强加于人。



★☆☆   throaty
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes a sound which is low and rough 
  （声音）低沉的，沙哑的
a throaty voice/laugh/cough   沙哑的嗓音／笑声／咳嗽声



★☆☆   throb
—————————————————
UK US  (-bb-)
verb intransitive 
■to produce a strong, regular beat    颤动，振动，跳动
Both records have a good throbbing bass which is great to dance to.   两张唱片都有极富节奏感的低音，很适合跳舞。
■If a part of your body throbs, you feel pain in it in a series of regular beats 
  （身体部位）抽痛
His head throbbed, and his body ached.   他的头阵阵作痛，身上也痛。
The throbbing pain in his leg was becoming unbearable.   他的腿阵阵作痛，越来越难以忍受。



★☆☆   throes
—————————————————
UK plural noun 
in the throes of sth 
■experiencing or doing something which is difficult, unpleasant or painful    处于…的困境之中；处于…的苦难中；处于…的动荡时期
The country is presently in the throes of the worst recession since the Second World War.   该国目前正处于二战以来最萧条动荡的时期。
He's in the throes of a mid-life crisis which makes him rather difficult to live with.   他正处于中年危机的痛苦时期，很难与他一起生活。
⇨ See also death throes



★☆☆   thrombosis
—————————————————
UK US (plural thromboses)
noun countable 
■when the flow of blood in the body is blocked by a clot (= half solid mass) of blood    血栓形成



★☆☆   throne
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■the special chair used by a ruler, especially a king or queen    王座；王位
the throne 
 ADVANCED  
■the state of being a ruler    王位；王权；君权
Elizabeth II ascended/came to the throne (= became queen of Britain) when her father died.   伊丽莎白二世在她父亲逝世后登上王位。
Queen Victoria was on the throne (= was queen) at that time.   那时维多利亚女王在位。
Charles is next in line to the throne (= will become king next).   查理斯将继承王位。



★☆☆   throng
—————————————————
UK noun countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a crowd or large group of people    人群；群众
A huge throng had gathered round the speaker.   讲者周围聚集了一大群人。UK verb intransitive + adverb or preposition transitive 
■to be or go somewhere in very large numbers 
  （人群）蜂拥，群集
Crowds thronged the market place.   市场里挤满了人。
The narrow streets were thronged with summer visitors.   狭窄的街道上挤满了夏天来此的游客。
[+ to infinitive] Thousands of people thronged to see the exhibition while it was in London.   展览在伦敦举办时，成千上万的人蜂拥而至。



★☆☆   throttle
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a valve which allows more or less fuel to go into an engine and so changes the power with which the engine operates    节流阀；油门UK noun countable 
at full/half throttle 
■at full/half speed or power    以全速／半速；尽全力／以一半的力量
He's working at full throttle (= as hard as he can) to get the job finished.   他正全力以赴完成工作。
The captain of the boat had his engines at full throttle.   船长让船开足马力全速行驶。UK verb transitive 
PRESS THROAT  掐喉咙  
■to press someone's throat very tightly so that they cannot breathe    掐（喉咙）；使窒息
informal Sometimes he annoys me so much that I could throttle him.   有时他真令我讨厌，我恨不得掐死他。UK verb transitive 
PREVENT  防止  
■to prevent something from succeeding    阻挡；压制；扼杀
The reduction in funds is throttling the development of new programmes.   削减经费将阻碍新计划的开展。UK verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] throttle (sth) back/down 
■to reduce speed, or to reduce the power and speed being produced by an engine 
  （调节油门）减速
The pilot throttled back (the engines) as he came in to land.   著陆时，飞行员调节油门减速。




★☆☆   through
—————————————————
preposition adverb 
PLACE  地方  
 ESSENTIAL  (ALSO also US not standard thru) 
■from one end or side of something to the other    通过；穿越
They walked slowly through the woods.   他们缓步穿过树林。
The boy waded through the water to reach his boat.   男孩涉水来到他的船上。
He struggled through the crowd till he reached the front.   他挤过人群来到前面。
How long the journey takes will depend on how long it takes to get through the traffic.   旅程要花多长时间将取决于穿过车流要花多长时间。
Her words kept running through my mind/head (= I kept hearing her words in my imagination).   她的话一直在我脑海里回荡。
We drove through the tunnel.   我们开车穿过隧道。
I saw him drive through a red light (= he did not stop at the red traffic light).   我看见他开车闯红灯。
I'll put you through (= connect you by telephone) (to the sales department).   我给你接通（销售部的）电话。preposition adverb 
TIME  时间  
 ESSENTIAL  
■from the beginning to the end of a period of time    自始至终，从头至尾
It rained all/right through June and into the first half of July.   整个六月和七月的上半月一直在下雨。
We sat through two lectures and then left.   我们听完整整两节课，然后就走了。
She had just enough energy to get through the day.   她硬撑着坚持了一天。
US She works Monday through Thursday (= from Monday to Thursday).   她周一到周四工作。preposition adverb 
through and through 
■completely    完全地，彻底地，十足地
My mother is Irish through and through.   我妈妈是地地道道的爱尔兰人。preposition 
RESULT  结果  
 ESSENTIAL  
■as a result of    由于
The company lost the order through production delays.   该公司由于生产延误，失去了订单。preposition 
USING  利用  
 ESSENTIAL  
■by; using    透过；利用
I got my car through my brother who works in a garage.   我透过在汽车修理厂工作的兄弟买的车。
We sold the bike through advertising in the local paper.   我们透过在地方报纸上登广告卖掉了脚踏车。adjective 
FINISHED  完成的  
■having finished using or doing something    完成的；结束的；断绝的
I've got some work to do but I should be through in an hour if you can wait.   我还有些工作要做，不过一小时内应该可以完成，你看能不能等一下。
Are you through with that atlas?   你看完那本地图册了吗？adjective 
SUCCESSFUL  成功的  
be through (to sth) 
■to achieve success in an examination, competition, etc. and progress to the next stage or a higher level    通过（考试等）
"Has she heard about her entrance exams yet?" "Yes, she's through."   “她知道入学考试的成绩了吗？” “知道，她通过了。”
She's through to the next round of interviews.   她通过了，可参加下一轮面试。



★☆☆   throughout
—————————————————
preposition adverb 
 ESSENTIAL  
■in every part, or during the whole period of time    在各处；自始至终
People throughout the country are out of work.   全国各地的人们都失去了工作。
He yawned throughout the performance.   演出期间他一直在打哈欠。
The school has been repainted throughout.   学校各处都重新粉刷了一遍。



★☆☆   throughput
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■an amount of work, etc. done in a particular period of time    生产率；生产能力
We need to improve our throughput because demand is high at present.   因为目前需求很大，我们需要提高生产能力。



★☆☆   through route 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a road which avoids a town centre 
  （避开市镇中心的）直通路



★☆☆   through traffic 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■traffic which does not want to stop in a town    直达交通，过境交通



★☆☆   throve
—————————————————
UK US  US past simple and past participle of 
■* thrive 



★☆☆   throw
—————————————————
UK verb (threw, thrown)
SEND THROUGH AIR  投  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to send something through the air with force, especially by a sudden movement of the arm    投；抛；掷；扔
My friend threw the ball back over the fence.   我朋友把球从围栏上掷了回去。
The coat was thrown over the back of the chair.   大衣丢在椅背上。
[R] She threw herself into a chair, exhausted.   她筋疲力尽地倒在椅子上。
The rider was thrown as the horse jumped the fence.   马跳过栅栏时骑手被甩了下来。
He threw a punch at (= hit) his attacker.   他向攻击他的人猛击一拳。
throw a glance/look 
■to look quickly or suddenly    扫一眼，瞥一眼
The boy threw a frightened look in the direction of the house.   男孩朝房子那边惊恐地看了一眼。UK verb (threw, thrown)
MOVE QUICKLY  快速移动  
transitive 
■to cause to move or act quickly or carelessly    猛推；猛动
She threw back her hair.   她把头发往后甩了甩。
David threw open the window to get some air.   戴维用力推开窗户，想透透气。UK verb (threw, thrown)
CONFUSE  使困惑  
transitive 
■to confuse or shock someone or cause difficulty for them    使困惑；使惊讶；难住
I wasn't expecting a visitor. I was really thrown.   我没想到会有人来，我真是措手不及。
The news of the coup threw them into a state of panic.   政变的消息使他们陷入了恐慌。UK verb (threw, thrown)
PARTY  聚会，派对  
throw a party 
■to have a party    举办派对
Janet threw a party for Jack's fiftieth birthday.   珍妮特为庆祝杰克50岁生日举办了派对。UK verb (threw, thrown)
ANGER  愤怒  
throw a fit/tantrum 
■to experience and show a strong feeling of anger, especially suddenly    大发脾气
My mother threw a fit when she saw what a mess we'd made of her kitchen.   我母亲看到我们把她的厨房弄得一团糟时，她大发脾气。UK verb (threw, thrown)
SHAPE  成形  
transitive 
■specializedto shape clay on a special round table that spins 
  （在拉坯轮上）把…拉成坯UK verb (threw, thrown)
throw sth back in sb's face 
■to say unkind things about someone's behaviour in the past during an argument    当（某人的）面重提（旧帐）
She threw all his failures back in his face.   她当着他的面把他过去的那些失败经历都抖搂出来。UK verb (threw, thrown)
throw sb back on their own resources 
■to force someone to take care of themselves without help from others    丢下不管（强迫某人自己照顾自己）
When both his parents died, the boy was thrown back on his own resources.   这个男孩的父母都逝世后，他不得不自己照顾自己。UK verb (threw, thrown)
throw the book at sb 
■to severely punish someone    狠狠责罚（某人）
After the accident, the safety inspector threw the book at the company directors.   事故发生之后，安全督查员狠狠批评了公司的管理人员。UK verb (threw, thrown)
 throw caution to the wind /winds 
■to do something without worrying about the risk or negative results    不顾风险，鲁莽行事
I threw caution to the wind and bought the most expensive one.   我甚么也不顾，买了最贵的那个。UK verb (threw, thrown)
 throw cold water on sth 
■to be negative about someone's ideas or plans    给（想法或计划）泼冷水
You're always throwing cold water on my suggestions.   你总是对我的建议泼冷水。UK verb (threw, thrown)
 throw (sb) a curve (ball) US Australian informal 
■to surprise someone with something that is difficult or unpleasant to deal with    让…摸不透；使…惊讶（以某事让某人惊讶，这种事情难于处理或处理起来很麻烦）
The weather threw a curve at their barbecue and they had to eat indoors.   老天给他们的烧烤野餐出了一个难题，他们只好在室内进餐。UK verb (threw, thrown)
 throw good money after bad 
■to waste money by spending more money on something that you have already spent money on and which is no good    把钱投入无底洞，花冤枉钱
Trying to fix that old car would just be throwing good money after bad.   试图修理那辆旧车简直就是花冤枉钱。UK verb (threw, thrown)
throw in the towel/sponge 
■to admit defeat    认输UK verb (threw, thrown)
throw (your) money/cash around informal disapproving 
■to spend money, especially in an obvious and careless way, on things that are not necessary    挥霍金钱
He lost his job, but still seems to have plenty of money to throw around.   他丢了工作，但看来好像还有足够的钱挥霍。UK verb (threw, thrown)
throw money at sth 
■to spend a lot of money on trying to solve a problem    花大笔钱在…上
We won't solve this problem by throwing money at it.   我们不会为解决这问题投入大量资金。UK verb (threw, thrown)
throw sb off balance 
■to confuse or upset someone for a short time by saying or doing something that they are not expecting    使（某人）心烦意乱；使（某人）乱了方寸
The question threw him off balance for a moment.   那个问题让他一时不知如何作答。UK verb (threw, thrown)
throw sb to the dogs 
■to allow someone to be criticized or attacked, often in order to protect yourself from being criticized or attacked    弃卒保车；弃…而自保（让某人受到批评或攻击，常是为了保护自己免受批评或攻击）
I really felt as if I'd been thrown to the dogs just to save other people's reputations.   我感到自己像是个为了挽救其他人的声誉而被弃掉的棋子。UK verb (threw, thrown)
 throw up your hands in horror / despair 
■to show that you are shocked or that you disagree strongly with something    感到惊恐／绝望；强烈反对
They threw up their hands in horror at his suggestion.   他们强烈反对他的建议。UK verb (threw, thrown)
throw your voice 
■to make something which is not real, such as a toy, seem to be speaking    使开口说话，为配音UK verb (threw, thrown)
throw your weight around/about disapproving 
■to act as if you have a lot of power or authority    耀武扬威，作威作福UK verb (threw, thrown)
  Phrasal Verbs   [R] throw yourself at sb informal disapproving 
■to make it very obvious to someone that you want a sexual relationship with them    向（某人）献媚，勾引（某人）
I don't know what it is about John, but women just seem to throw themselves at him.   我不懂约翰究竟有甚么招数，反正女人似乎总是对他投怀送抱。UK verb (threw, thrown)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] throw sth away/out  ADVANCED  
■to get rid of something that you do not want any more    丢弃，扔掉
So when are you going to throw away those old magazines?   那么你打算甚么时候把那些旧杂志扔掉？UK verb (threw, thrown)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] throw sth away 
■to waste a skill or opportunity    浪费掉（本领）；错过（机会）
You've spent three years studying - don't throw it all away.   你已经花了三年时间学习——不要荒废。UK verb (threw, thrown)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] throw sth in 
■If a person or business selling goods throws something in, they provide it for free when you buy something else from them    免费添加，额外奉送
■1. When I bought my new glasses, they threw in a free pair of prescription sunglasses.


throw 1	 我买新眼镜时，他们额外免费赠送了一副处方太阳镜。UK verb (threw, thrown)
  Phrasal Verbs   throw your self into sth 
■to do something actively and enthusiastically    投身于；积极从事
She's thrown herself into this new job.   她满怀热情地做起了这份新工作。UK verb (threw, thrown)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] throw sth off 
CLOTHES  
■If you throw off your clothes, you take them off quickly and carelessly    匆匆脱下（衣服）
They threw off their clothes and jumped in the sea.   他们扯下衣服跳入大海。
ILLNESS  
■to stop suffering from a cold or other illness that is not serious    摆脱（感冒等小病）
I can't seem to throw off this cold.   我这次感冒好像根治不了。UK verb (threw, thrown)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] throw sth/sb off 
■to escape from something or someone following you    摆脱，甩掉
They threw the police off the scent by travelling on false passports.   他们用假护照旅行甩掉了员警。UK verb (threw, thrown)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] throw sth open 
OBJECT  
■to open something which was closed, usually suddenly and completely    突然打开；完全打开
She drew back the curtains and threw open all the windows.   她拉开窗帘，打开所有窗户。
EVENT  
■to allow people to enter or become involved in an event    使…向公众开放
The competition has been thrown open to the public.   这项竞赛已经对公众开放。UK verb (threw, thrown)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] throw sth out 
GET RID OF  
■see throw sth away/out 
NOT ACCEPT  
■If people in authority throw out a plan, idea, case, etc. they refuse to accept or use it    拒绝接受，否决（计划或想法）；拒绝受理（案件）
The case was thrown out by the courts due to lack of evidence.   由于缺乏证据，法庭拒绝受理该案。
 throw the baby out with the bath - water 
■to lose valuable ideas or things in your attempt to get rid of what is not wanted    把婴儿和洗澡水一起倒掉；把精华和糟粕一起丢掉UK verb (threw, thrown)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] throw sb out 
■to force someone to leave a college, school, house or organization    开除，赶走，解雇（某人）
She was thrown out of college for not attending lectures.   她因为不上课被大学开除了。
They had a big row and she threw him out (= made him leave the house).   他们大吵了一次，之后她把他赶出家门。UK verb (threw, thrown)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] throw sb over old-fashioned , informal 
■to finish a relationship with someone and start one with another person    甩掉，抛弃（某人）
She threw him over for a richer man.   她把他甩掉，找了一个更有钱的男人。UK verb (threw, thrown)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] throw sth together informal 
■to make something quickly without special care or preparation    仓促拼凑，匆匆做成
I had to throw a meal together at the last minute.   我只好赶紧忙做了一顿饭。UK verb (threw, thrown)
  Phrasal Verbs   [usually passive] throw sb together 
■If two people are thrown together, they meet each other in a way that was not planned, or events cause them to meet unexpectedly    使（某人）不期而遇
We were thrown together by chance at a conference.   我们是在一次会上偶然相识的。UK verb (threw, thrown)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] throw (sth) up informal  ADVANCED  
■to vomit    呕吐
I spent the night throwing up.   我吐了一夜。
He threw up his breakfast all over the back seat of the car.   他把早餐吐在汽车后座上，到处都是。UK verb (threw, thrown)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] throw sth up 
JOB     UK informal 
■If you throw up your job, you choose to leave it or stop doing it    辞去，放弃（工作）
He's thrown up his job and gone off to Africa to work for a children's charity.   他辞掉工作，去非洲为一家儿童慈善机构工作。
IDEA  
■to produce new problems or ideas    产生（新问题或新想法）
The meeting threw up some interesting ideas.   这次会上提出了一些有趣的想法。UK noun 
THROWING  投掷  
countable 
■when you throw something    投；掷
a throw of the dice   掷骰子UK noun 
EACH  每次  
a throw only singular    informal 
■used to mean each thing or for each time    每一个；每一次
We could get a coffee in there but they charge two quid a throw.   我们可以在那里买到咖啡，不过他们每份要卖两英镑。



★☆☆   throwaway
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■made to be destroyed after use    一次性使用的，用后即弃的
throwaway cups and plates   即弃杯子和碟子
We live in a throwaway society.   我们生活在一个充斥着即弃物品的社会。
throwaway comment/line/remark 
■something which someone says without thinking carefully and which is not intended to be serious    信口而作的评论／即兴的台词／脱口而出的话



★☆☆   throwback
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular 
■a person or thing that is similar to an earlier type    返祖者；类似先前种类的东西
He's an unappealing throwback to the days of '80s City slickers.   他是个很不起眼的人，让人联想起80年代那种对外界一无所知的城里人。
In some ways the new applet technology is a throwback to the old pre-PC days.   在某些方面，新的小应用程式技术类似以前个人电脑出现前的技术。



★☆☆   thru
—————————————————
 US not standard 
preposition 
■through



★☆☆   thrush
—————————————————
noun 
BIRD  鸟  
countable (also song thrush) 
■a brown bird with a pale breast with spots on it which is known for its singing    画眉鸟noun 
INFECTION  传染病  
uncountable 
■an infection of the vagina or mouth    念珠菌阴道炎；鹅口疮



★☆☆   thrust
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive [usually + adv/prep] (thrust, thrust)
■to push suddenly and strongly    推挤；刺；戳；插入
She thrust the money into his hand.   她把钱塞进他手中。
They thrust a microphone in front of me and fired questions at me.   他们把麦克风推到我面前，不断向我发问。
She thrust the papers at me (= towards me).   她把报纸塞给我。
The bodyguards thrust past the crowd to get at the cameraman.   保镖挤过人群直扑摄影师。verb intransitive or transitive [usually + adv/prep] (thrust, thrust)
  Phrasal Verbs   [often passive] thrust sth on/upon sb 
■to force someone to accept or deal with something    强迫（某人）接受；强迫（某人）应对
Fatherhood had been thrust on him.   他身不由己当了父亲。noun 
IDEA  思想  
only singular 
■the main idea, subject or opinion that is discussed or written about    要点，要旨，中心点
The main thrust of her argument was that women are compromised by the demands of childcare.   她的主要论点是妇女受到需要照顾孩子的拖累。noun 
PUSH  推  
countable 
■a strong push    猛推；刺
uncountable specialized 
■the driving force produced by, for example, an aircraft engine    牵引力，驱动力



★☆☆   thud
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the sound that is made when something heavy falls or hits something else    砰的一声；重击声；沉闷的声响
The boy fell to the ground with a thud.   男孩重重地摔倒在地上。
I could hear the thud of horses' hooves down the track.   我可以听到跑道上响起的马蹄声。



★☆☆   thug
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a man who acts violently, especially to commit a crime    恶棍；暴徒；罪犯
Some thugs smashed his windows.   几个恶棍打碎了他的窗户。



★☆☆   thumb
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■the short thick finger on the side of your hand which makes it possible to hold and pick things up easily    拇指noun countable 
all (fingers and) thumbs informal 
■to be very awkward with your hands    笨手笨脚
Can you untangle this thread for me? I'm all thumbs today.   你能帮我解开这个线结吗？我今天手指不灵活。noun countable 
thumbs down informal 
■used to show disapproval of something    拇指向下；不赞成，反对
They've given our plan the thumbs down (= They have disagreed with our plan).   他们不赞成我们的计划。noun countable 
thumbs up informal 
■used to show approval of something    竖起大拇指；赞成，接受
So it's the thumbs up for Brighton's latest night club.   那么这就是对布赖顿最近开的那家夜总会表示认可了。noun countable 
under sb's thumb 
■under someone's control    在（某人的）支配下
He's got the committee firmly under his thumb - they agree to whatever he asks.   他已牢牢掌控委员会，他们同意他提出的任何要求。verb 
thumb a lift informal 
■to stand near the edge of a road and hold out your hand with the thumb raised as a signal for a vehicle to stop and take you somewhere    竖起拇指要求免费搭车
We thumbed a lift to London.   我们搭便车去了伦敦。
thumb your nose at sb/sth 
■to show no respect, or to raise the tip of your thumb to the end of your nose to show that you do not respect somebody    对…嗤之以鼻，蔑视
He has thumbed his nose at authority all his life.   他一生都藐视权威。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   thumb through sth 
■to turn the pages of a book, magazine, or a document quickly and only read small parts of it    匆匆翻阅，浏览
"Have you read the report?" "Well, I thumbed through it quickly on the train."   “你看过报告了吗？”“嗯，我在火车上匆匆翻阅过。”




★☆☆   thumbnail
—————————————————
noun countable 
FINGER  手指  
■the nail on the thumb    拇指甲noun countable 
PICTURE  图  
■a small picture of an image or page on a computer screen 
  （电脑萤幕上的）小视图，缩图



★☆☆   thumbnail sketch 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a short description mentioning only the most important features    简要叙述，提要



★☆☆   thumbscrew
—————————————————
 (also screws) 
noun countable 
■a device used especially in the past to torture people (= cause them great pain) by crushing their thumbs    拇指夹（旧时用来折磨人的刑具）



★☆☆   thumbtack
—————————————————
noun countable    US for 
■drawing pin 



★☆☆   thump
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to hit someone with your fist (= closed hand) or to hit something and cause a noise    重击，捶击
He thumped him in the face.   他一拳狠狠打在他的脸上。
He thumped on the door but nobody came.   他使劲敲门，但没人来应。
sb's head thumps 
■If your head thumps, you can eel pain in strong beats in your head 
  （某人）头痛欲裂
When I woke up my mouth was dry and my head was thumping.   我醒来时口干舌燥、头痛欲裂。
sb's heart thumps 
■If your heart thumps, it beats more strongly and quickly than usual, because of exercise, fear or excitement 
  （某人）心怦怦直跳
She stood outside his room, her heart thumping.   她站在他的房门外，心怦怦直跳。noun countable usually singular 
■when you thump someone or something    重击，捶击
If he does that again I'm going to give him a thump (= hit him with my closed hand).   如果他再那样做，我要好好捶他一顿。
■when something falls heavily, or the sound this makes    砰然落下，或物体落下的声音
She fell to the floor with a thump.   她重重地摔倒在地上。



★☆☆   thumping
—————————————————
 informal 
adjective [before noun] 
■very big or important    巨大的，极大的
a thumping defeat/victory   惨败／辉煌的胜利
They won by a thumping majority.   他们以绝对多数获胜。
thumping headache 
■a bad headache which is felt in strong painful beats    撕裂般的头痛 informal 
adverb 
■extremely or importantly    极其；极重要地
I'm not carrying that thumping great thing around with me!   我可不会随身带着那个笨重的大家伙！



★☆☆   thunder
—————————————————
UK noun 
 ADVANCED  uncountable 
■the sudden loud noise which comes from the sky especially during a storm    雷，雷声
a clap of thunder   一声雷响
thunder and lightning   雷电
only singular 
■a continuous loud noise    雷鸣般的响声，轰隆声
I couldn't hear what he was saying over the thunder of the waterfall.   瀑布震天响，我听不清他说的话。UK verb 
intransitive 
■When it thunders, a loud noise comes from the sky    打雷
The sky grew dark and it started to thunder.   天色变暗，开始打雷了。
intransitive + adverb or preposition 
■to move, making a lot of noise    轰隆隆地移动
The train thundered past, shaking the whole house.   火车轰隆隆驶过，整座房子都晃动起来。
intransitive 
■to shout angrily    怒吼
[+ speech] "I never want to see you here again!" he thundered.   “我再也不想在这里见到你！”他怒吼道。



★☆☆   thunderbolt
—————————————————
UK noun 
THUNDER  雷  
countable 
■a flash of lightning and the sound of thunder together    雷电，霹雳UK noun 
SURPRISE/SHOCK  惊喜／震惊  
only singular 
■an announcement, event or idea that is completely unexpected or shocking    晴天霹雳；出人意料的突发事件；令人震惊的情况
He dropped a thunderbolt on us this morning, when he told us that we were closing down.   他今早告诉我们要歇业，这个消息对我们犹如晴天霹雳。



★☆☆   thunderclap
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a single loud sound of thunder    雷鸣，雷声



★☆☆   thundercloud
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually plural 
■a large dark cloud which produces thunder and lightning    雷雨云



★☆☆   thunderous
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■extremely loud    雷鸣般的
thunderous applause   雷鸣般的掌声
a thunderous reception   热烈的反响



★☆☆   thunderstorm
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a storm with thunder and lightning and usually heavy rain    雷雨，雷暴



★☆☆   thunderstruck
—————————————————
UK adjective [after verb] 
■very surprised    极其震惊的；目瞪口呆的
Ruth was thunderstruck when he presented her with an engagement ring.   当他送给露丝一只订婚戒指时，露丝都呆住了。



★☆☆   thundery
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes weather or a storm, etc. in which there is thunder    有雷的天气



★☆☆   Thur
—————————————————
(also Thurs) 
■written abbreviation for    * Thursday



★☆☆   Thursday
—————————————————
UK  US  (written abbreviation Thur/Thurs) 
noun countable or uncountable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the day of the week after Wednesday and before Friday    星期四
We meet on the second Thursday of every month.   我们每个月的第二个星期四见面。
I'm having my hair cut after work on Thursday.   星期四下班后我去理发。
Thursday morning   星期四上午



★☆☆   thus
—————————————————
 formal 
adverb 
 IMPROVER  
■in this way    如此，这样
Bend from the waist, thus.   弯腰，就这样。
 IMPROVER  
■with this result    因此，从而
They planned to reduce staff and thus to cut costs.   他们计划裁员，从而达到降低成本的目的。
thus far 
■as far as this or until now    迄今
We haven't had any problems thus far.   我们至今没有出现任何问题。



★☆☆   thwack
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the short loud sound of something like a stick hitting a surface    拍打，重击
I heard the thwack of the whip against the horse's side.   我听到鞭子使劲抽在马身上的声音。verb transitive 
■to hit something, making a short loud sound    拍打，重击



★☆☆   thwart
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to stop something from happening or someone from doing something    反对；阻挠；挫败
My holiday plans have been thwarted by the strike.   因为罢工，我的渡假计划泡汤了。



★☆☆   THX
—————————————————
(also thx) 
■internet abbreviation for 
■thanks    谢谢



★☆☆   thy
—————————————————
 old use 
determiner 
■your; used when speaking to one person    你的



★☆☆   thyme
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a herb used in cooking    百里香（用作烹饪调味品）



★☆☆   thyroid (gland)
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a gland (= an organ) in the front of the neck which is involved in controlling the way the body develops and works    甲状腺



★☆☆   thyroxine
—————————————————
(also thyroxine) UK noun uncountable specialized 
■a hormone produced by the thyroid gland that controls metabolism (= chemical processes in the body) and is important for normal development in children    甲状腺素（由甲状腺产生，用来控制新陈代谢（身体中的各种化学过程）的一种激素，对儿童的正常发育十分重要）



★☆☆   thyself
—————————————————
 old use 
pronoun 
■yourself; reflexive form or strong form of thou ; used when speaking to one person    你自己，你本人



★☆☆   ti
—————————————————
noun [S or U] 
■the seventh note in the sol-fa musical scale    全音阶的第七音



★☆☆   TIA
—————————————————
(also tia) 
■internet abbreviation for 
■thanks in advance: used in an email when you ask somebody for information or want them to do something for you    先谢了，劳驾



★☆☆   tiara
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a piece of metal in the shape of half a circle decorated with jewels (= precious stones) which is worn on the head by a woman, especially a queen, etc., at very formal social occasions 
  （尤指女王等地位高的女性在非常正式的场合佩戴的）冕状宝石头饰



★☆☆   Tibet
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Tibet    西藏



★☆☆   Tibetan
—————————————————
adjective noun countable 
■Tibetan    西藏的／西藏人



★☆☆   tibia
—————————————————
 (/'t&#x26A;b.i.i:] plural tibiae or tibias)    specialized 
noun countable 
■a shinbone (= the bone which can be felt at the front of the lower leg)    胫骨



★☆☆   tic
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a sudden and uncontrolled small movement, especially of the face, especially because of a nervous illness 
  （尤指因神经疾病导致的面部）抽搐



★☆☆   tick
—————————————————
noun 
MARK  记号  
 IMPROVER  countable mainly UK (US usually check) 
■a mark (✓) that shows that something is correct or has been done    核对号，钩号
Put a tick by/against the names of the people who have accepted the invitation.   在接受邀请的人的姓名上打钩。noun 
SHORT TIME  短时间  
countable UK informal 
■a very short time    一会儿
Hold on/Hang on a tick - I'm not quite ready.   稍等一会儿——我还没准备好。
I'll be with you in a tick /in two ticks.   我马上就到。noun 
SOUND  声音  
countable usually singular 
■the sound clocks and watches make every second 
  （钟表发出的）滴答声noun 
PAYING LATER  以后付款  
on tick UK old-fashioned informal 
■If you buy something on tick, you pay for it later.    赊购，赊帐noun 
ANIMAL  动物  
countable 
■a very small creature like an insect which lives on and sucks the blood of other animals    蜱；壁虱verb 
SOUND  声音  
intransitive 
■When a clock or watch ticks, it makes a sound every second. 
  （钟表）发出滴答声verb 
MARK  记号  
transitive mainly UK (US usually check) 
■to mark something with a tick    给…标记号，打上钩
Tick (off) each item on the list as you complete it.   每完成一个专案计划就在清单上把该专案计划打勾。verb 
what makes sb tick 
■If you know what makes someone tick, you understand why they behave the way they do.    使（某人）做…的原因verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   tick away/by 
■If time ticks away/by, it goes past 
  （时间）流逝，一点一点过去
With the final seconds ticking away, Milan scored a goal.   米兰队在最后几秒钟进了一个球。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   tick sb off 
SPEAK SEVERELY  
[M] UK informal 
■to speak severely to and criticize someone who has done something wrong    责备，责骂（某人）
I had to tick him off for being late again.   他又迟到了，我得说说他。
ANNOY     US informal 
■to annoy someone    使（某人）生气，使（某人）恼火
It really ticks me off when she doesn't keep her promises.   她不守信，令我特别生气。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   tick over 
ACTIVITY  
■If a business, job or system is ticking over, it continues to work but makes little progress 
  （生意、工作或系统几乎没有进展地）进度缓慢
I'll be able to keep things ticking over in the office until you get back.   你回来之前我能够保持办公室工作基本运行。
ENGINE  
■If the engine of a vehicle is ticking over, the engine is operating slowly although the vehicle is not moving 
  （引擎）空转
I've left the car with the engine ticking over.   我离开了汽车，让引擎空转着。




★☆☆   ticker
—————————————————
UK US informal 
noun countable 
■a heart    心脏



★☆☆   ticker-tape parade
—————————————————
UK US US 
noun countable 
■a special celebration in which someone who is being shown respect for achieving something very important walks or drives along streets in a city and small pieces of paper are thrown over them from the windows of tall buildings    从大楼视窗抛出纸带的迎宾方式



★☆☆   ticket
—————————————————
noun countable 
PROOF OF PAYMENT  支付凭证  
 ESSENTIAL  
■a small piece of paper or card given to someone, usually to show that they have paid for an event, journey or activity    票；券；车票；入场券
a concert ticket   音乐会票
a train/bus/plane ticket   火车／汽车／飞机票
a lottery/raffle ticket   彩票／奖券
a ticket office   售票处
a ticket collector   检票员noun countable 
PRICE CARD  价格标签  
■a piece of card or paper which is put on an object to show its size or price 
  （货物上标明价目、尺码等的）标签，签条
a price ticket   价格标签
■a note telling you that you must pay some money as a punishment for not obeying a rule or law    罚款单；违规通知单
a parking ticket   违规停车罚单noun countable 
POLITICS  政治     US 
■the range of ideas and plans that someone supports when they are in an election 
  （在选举中提出的）纲领，政见
She's standing on an education ticket.   她支持一条有关教育的竞选主张。
■US 
■the group of people representing a particular political party in an election 
  （选举中某政党的）候选人名单
the Republican/Democratic ticket   共和党／民主党候选人名单noun countable 
just the ticket slightly old-fashioned informal 
■very suitable and exactly what is needed    正是求之不得的东西；正是所需要的东西



★☆☆   ticketing
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the production or selling of tickets    票务；售票系统
Electronic ticketing now allows customers to buy airline seats over the phone.   现在电子售票系统使顾客得以透过打电话买到飞机票。



★☆☆   ticking off
—————————————————
mainly UK informal 
noun only singular 
■severe criticism because you have done something wrong    责备，责骂
I gave her a real ticking off yesterday.   我昨天狠狠地骂了她一顿。



★☆☆   tickle
—————————————————
verb 
RUB SKIN  摩擦皮肤  
transitive 
■to touch someone lightly with your fingers, making them slightly uncomfortable and often making them laugh    使觉得痒；挠（某人）的痒痒
Stop! You're tickling me!   快停下！你令我痒得难受！
I tickled her feet and she laughed.   我搔了搔她的脚，她笑了起来。
intransitive or transitive 
■If a part of the body tickles, or if something tickles it, it feels slightly uncomfortable and you want to rub it 
  （使）发痒；（使）感到痒
My nose is tickling, I think I'm going to sneeze.   我鼻子发痒，我想我要打喷嚏了。verb 
PLEASE  使高兴  
transitive often passive informal 
■If something tickles you, you find it funny or it pleases you    使开心，使高兴
old-fashioned I was tickled pink (= very pleased) to hear the news.   听到这个消息，我高兴得不得了。verb 
tickle your fancy informal 
■If something tickles your fancy, you like it and want to have it    勾起兴趣
Does anything on the menu tickle your fancy?   菜单上有你感兴趣的吗？noun only singular 
TOUCH  触摸  
give sb a tickle 
■to tickle someone    搔（某人）痒痒noun only singular 
COUGH  咳嗽  
■an unpleasant feeling in your throat which makes you want to cough 
  （嗓子）痒，发痒



★☆☆   ticklish
—————————————————
adjective 
SKIN  皮肤  
■If someone is ticklish, they quickly feel uncomfortable when someone lightly touches their skin to make them laugh.    怕痒的adjective 
DIFFICULT  困难的  
■describes a situation that needs to be dealt with carefully 
  （局面、形势）需小心处理的，棘手的
This leaves me with the ticklish job of explaining to Debbie that she is not invited.   这样就给我出了一个难题：如何向黛比解释她没有被邀请。



★☆☆   tick-tack-toe
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable    US for 
■noughts and crosses 



★☆☆   tidal
—————————————————
adjective 
■relating to the tide    有潮的；受潮汐影响的
a tidal river   感潮河



★☆☆   tidal wave 
—————————————————
noun countable 
SEA  海  
■an extremely large wave caused by movement of the Earth under the sea, often caused by an earthquake (= when the Earth shakes) ; tsunami    海啸noun countable 
LARGE NUMBER  大的数目  
■a sudden large number of things    高潮，浪潮
a tidal wave of complaints   抗议的浪潮



★☆☆   tidbit
—————————————————
noun countable    US for 
■titbit 



★☆☆   tiddler
—————————————————
UK  US informal 
noun countable 
■something very small, especially a fish    极小的东西；（尤指）小鱼
■a child    小娃娃



★☆☆   tiddly
—————————————————
adjective informal 
SMALL  小的  
■extremely small    微小的，微不足道的
All you ate was a tiddly little piece of cake.   你只吃了一块很小的蛋糕。adjective informal 
DRUNK  醉的     UK old-fashioned 
■slightly drunk    微醉的



★☆☆   tiddlywinks
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a game in which players try to get small plastic discs into a cup by pressing one piece against another to make it fly through the air    挑塑胶片游戏（用一片小塑胶圆片挑另一片，使之弹入杯中）



★☆☆   tide
—————————————————
noun 
SEA  海洋  
 ADVANCED  countable 
■the rise and fall of the sea that happens twice every day    潮汐；潮水
high/low tide   高／低潮
The tide is out/in.   潮退了／涨了。noun 
CHANGE  变化  
only singular literary 
■a noticeable change in a situation or increase in a particular type of behaviour    潮流，趋势
We must look for ways of stemming (= stopping) the rising tide of protest.   我们必须想办法阻止日益高涨的抗议活动。noun 
go/swim against the tide 
■to not follow what everyone else is doing    逆潮流，反潮流noun 
go/swim with the tide 
■to follow what everyone else is doing    赶潮流；随大流
I thought I'd just swim with the tide and leave when everyone else does.   我想我会随大流，像别人一样离开。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   tide sb over (sth) 
■to help someone to work or operate normally through a difficult period, usually by lending them money    使（某人）渡过难关，使（某人）捱过困难时期
Can you lend me some money to tide me over till the weekend?   你能借些钱帮我撑到周末吗？
Have another piece of cake. It'll tide you over till supper.   再吃块蛋糕吧，这样你就可以忍到吃晚饭的时间了。




★☆☆   tidemark
—————————————————
UK noun countable    (also high water mark) 
■a line of waste left on a beach which marks the highest point the sea reaches    潮痕
UK 
■a dirty mark around a bath or sink , left by the water    （脏水在澡盆里或水池周边留下的）垢痕



★☆☆   tide-table
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a list of the times at which the tide in a particular place is high each day    潮汐表



★☆☆   tidings
—————————————————
 old use 
plural noun 
■news    消息
tidings of great joy   令人欣喜若狂的消息



★☆☆   tidy
—————————————————
adjective 
ORDERED  整齐的  
 IMPROVER  
■having everything ordered and arranged in the right place, or liking to keep things like this    整齐的；整洁的，有条理的
The house was clean and tidy.   房子干净整洁。
My flatmate isn't very tidy.   我的室友不怎么爱整洁。
neat and tidy   整整齐齐
a tidy solution   条理分明的解决方法adjective 
LARGE  大的  
[before noun] informal 
■(of amounts of money) large 
  （款额）巨大的
His business deals make him a tidy sum.   他做生意赚了一大笔钱。noun 
a desk/car/sink, etc. tidy 
■a small container for a few objects, that makes it easier for you to keep your desk, car, etc. tidy    写字枱杂物箱／汽车杂物箱／洗涤槽的过滤网罩等verb intransitive or transitive 
 ADVANCED  
■to make a place or a collection of things tidy    整理；收拾
Tidy (up) these papers before you leave, please.   请把这些档整理好再走。
I'm tired of asking you to tidy your room (up).   老是叫你收拾房间，我都厌烦了。
Have you tidied up yet, kids?   孩子，你们收拾好了吗？verb intransitive or transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] tidy sth away 
■to put things back in drawers, cupboards and other places where they are kept, after you have used them    将…收起来，将…放回原处
The children were expected to tidy away their toys before bedtime.   孩子们要在睡觉前把玩具收拾好。




★☆☆   tie
—————————————————
verb (tying, tied, tied)
FASTEN  系  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to fasten together two ends of a piece of string or other long thin material, or to (cause to) hold together with a long, thin piece of string, material, etc.    打结；系，缚，捆，扎
Could you tie this piece of string for me?   你能帮我把这个绳子打个结吗？
This skirt ties at the waist.   这条连衣裙是在腰间系带的。
She tied the ribbon tightly in a bow/knot.   她把丝带打成一个紧紧的蝴蝶结。
I tie my hair back when it's hot.   天热时我就把头发系在脑后。
Tie (up) your shoelaces, or you'll trip over.   把鞋带系好，不然会摔跤的。
be tied to sth/sb 
■If you are tied to a job, place or person, you are forced to stay with them    束缚，约束，限制
I felt tied to the job while I had a mortgage to pay.   因为有按揭贷款要还，我觉得自己被这份工作束缚住了。verb (tying, tied, tied)
RELATE  相关  
transitive 
■to relate to or connect to    与…相关
Is the allergy tied to dairy products, for example?   比如说，过敏症与奶制品有关系吗？
Can you tie his behaviour up with anything that's happened recently?   你认为他的行为与最近发生的甚么事有关联吗？verb (tying, tied, tied)
FINISH EQUAL  以平局结束  
intransitive 
■to finish at the same time or score the same number of points, etc. in a competition as someone or something else 
  （比赛中）打成平局，不分胜负
Jane and I tied (for first place) in the spelling test.   在拼写比赛中（争夺第一名时）我和简打成平手。
We tied with a team from the south in the championships.   在锦标赛中我们和一支南方队打成平手。verb (tying, tied, tied)
tie sb (up) in knots informal 
■to confuse someone    使（某人）困惑，把（某人）弄糊涂
The Director of Studies tied me up in knots by asking tricky questions.   教务主任问了一些很难回答的问题，把我弄得头昏脑胀。verb (tying, tied, tied)
tie the knot informal 
■to get married    结婚
So when are you two going to tie the knot?   那么你俩甚么时候结婚呢？verb (tying, tied, tied)
tied to your mother's / wife's apron strings disapproving 
■If you say that someone, especially a man, is tied to his mother's/wife's apron strings, it means that he is strongly influenced and controlled by that person    受母亲／老婆的管束
George never comes out with the rest of us - he's tied to his wife's apron strings.   乔治从不和我们一起外出——玛莎／他妻子对他管束很严。verb (tying, tied, tied)
  Phrasal Verbs   tie sb down 
LIMIT  
[M often passive] informal 
■to limit someone's freedom    限制，束缚（某人）
He's tied down by having to work every Saturday.   他星期六都被工作绑住了。
We'd like to travel more, but having children at school really ties us down.   我们想去更多的地方旅游，可是孩子要上学，把我们绑住了。
GET DECISION     [M] informal 
■to make someone give you a clear decision    使（某人）明确表态
I'll try to tie her down on her plans.   我会设法让她把计划确定下来。verb (tying, tied, tied)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] tie (sth) in 
■When ideas or statements tie in, they agree or are closely connected, and if you tie them in, you make them agree or connect closely 
  （使）相一致；（使）有联系
I can't tie in what he said today with what he told me last week.   他今天说的与上周他告诉我的根本就不是一回事。verb (tying, tied, tied)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] tie (sth) in with sth 
■to plan an event or activity so that it combines with or happens at the same time as another, or to be planned in this way 
  （使）同时发生
We're trying to tie our holiday in with Simon's lecture tour.   我们试图把我们的假期与赛门的巡回讲学安排在一起。verb (tying, tied, tied)
  Phrasal Verbs   tie sb up 
FASTENED  
[M] 
■to make a person unable to move by tying a rope or something similar around their body or part of their body    把（某人）捆绑起来
The burglars had tied him up (to the bed).   窃贼们把他绑了起来（窃贼们把他绑在床上）。
NOT AVAILABLE  
■When someone is tied up, they are busy or are prevented from doing something, such as speaking to someone or going somewhere, because they are involved in another event or activity    把（某人）缠住，使（某人）无法脱身
I'm afraid we can't meet till Wednesday - I'm tied up on Monday and Tuesday.   恐怕我们要到周三才能碰头——我周一和周二都脱不开身。
Mrs Moran is tied up in a meeting at the moment, but I'll ask her to call you later.   莫兰夫人现在正开会脱不开身，我会告诉她稍后给你打电话。verb (tying, tied, tied)
  Phrasal Verbs   tie sth up 
FASTENED  
■to fasten something together using string, rope or something similar 
  （用绳子、线等）捆扎
Could you tie up the parcel for me?   帮我捆好这个包裹好吗？
NOT AVAILABLE  
■to cause something, often money or possessions, not to be available for use    占用（常指资金、产业等）
All my money is tied up in property.   我所有的资金都投在房地产上，无法动用。
He tied up the printer all morning, printing out his reports.   他整个早上一直占着列印机列印他的报告。noun countable 
FASTENING  系  
 ADVANCED  (US also necktie) 
■a long thin piece of material that is worn under a shirt collar, especially by men, and tied in a knot at the front    领带
He always wears a jacket and tie to work.   他上班时总是穿西服打领带。
 ADVANCED  
■any piece of string, plastic, metal, etc. which is used to fasten or hold together something 
  （绑扎东西用的）带子，绳子
Can you see the ties for the rubbish bags in the cupboard?   你看到柜子里扎垃圾袋的带子吗？noun countable 
CONNECTION  关系  
ties [plural] 
 ADVANCED  
■the friendly feelings that people have for other people, or special connections with places    纽带；关系，联系
Family ties are weaker if you move a long way away.   离家太远就会与家人疏远。
I no longer feel any ties with my home town.   我对我的家乡再也没有任何亲切感了。
He urged governments worldwide to break diplomatic ties with the new regime.   他敦促世界各国政府断绝与新政权的外交关系。noun countable 
EQUAL FINISH  以平局结束  
■when two or more people finish at the same time or score the same number of points    不分胜负，平局
It's a tie for first place.   两人并列第一。
They have changed the scoring system because there have been too many ties.   因为常常出现不分胜负的结果，他们改变了计分制。



★☆☆   tie-breaker
—————————————————
UK US (UK also tie-break) 
noun countable 
■extra play at the end of a game when both teams have the same points, to decide who is the winner 
  （当两队在比赛结束时打成平局而增加的）决胜局，加时赛



★☆☆   tied cottage
—————————————————
(also tied house) UK 
noun countable 
■a house owned by your employer that you can live in for as long as you are employed in a particular job 
  （雇主在雇员受雇期间租给其居住的）雇工农舍



★☆☆   tied house
—————————————————
UK 
noun countable 
■a pub which is owned by a particular beer company and which only sells that company's products 
  （啤酒厂开设的）专卖酒店    Compare free house



★☆☆   tie-dye
—————————————————
 (tie-dyeing, tie-dyed, tie-dyed)
verb transitive 
■to colour cloth by tying it in knots so that when it is put in a dye (= substance for changing the colour of cloth) the tied areas absorb less colour and produce circular patterns when unfastened    扎染
There are pictures of us in the sixties wearing flares and tie-dyed T-shirts.   有几张60年代我们穿着喇叭裤和扎染T恤衫的照片。



★☆☆   tie-in
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a product such as a toy or book that is related to a film, television programme, etc.    相关产品（与某一电影、电视节目等有关的产品，如玩具或书籍）



★☆☆   tiepin
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small thin often decorative piece of metal used to hold the two parts of a tie together    领带扣针，领带别针



★☆☆   tier
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■one of several layers or levels 
  （多层、多层次中的）一层
We sat in one of the upper tiers of the football stands.   我们坐在足球场看台的上层位置。
My wedding cake had four tiers, each supported by small pillars.   我的结婚蛋糕有四层，每层都由小柱子撑着。
I don't understand why you think we need yet another tier of management.   我不明白你为甚么认为我们还需要一个管理层级。UK verb transitive often passive 
■to arrange or organise something in tiers    层叠；层层排列
The seats in the theatre were steeply tiered.   剧院的座位呈陡直的阶梯状排列。



★☆☆   tie-up
—————————————————
noun countable 
CONNECTION  联系     mainly UK 
■a connection or agreement that joins two things or organizations    联系；联合，合作
Cambridge University Press arranged a tie-up with the German publisher Klett.   剑桥大学出版社筹划与德国克勒特出版社的一次合作。noun countable 
DELAY  延迟     US 
■a temporary problem that delays progress, such as too much traffic on the road    停顿，停滞；交通阻塞
I missed my flight because of a tie-up on the interstate.   由于州际公路上交通堵塞，我错过了航班。



★☆☆   tiff
—————————————————
 informal 
noun countable 
■a slight argument    口角，小争吵
Have you two had a lovers' tiff?   你俩曾有过情人间的怄气吗？



★☆☆   tiger
—————————————————
UK US (female also tigress) 
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a large wild animal of the cat family with yellowish orange fur with black lines which lives in parts of Asia    虎，老虎



★☆☆   tight
—————————————————
adjective adverb 
 ESSENTIAL  
■(held or kept together) firmly or closely    紧的；密封的（地）；牢固的（地）
I can't untie the knot - it's too tight.   我解不开这个结——太紧了。
This lid is on very tight.   这盖子盖得很紧。
The people stood talking in tight groups.   大家一群群地紧挨着站在那里说话。
Hold on tight when we go round this corner.   我们转弯时大家都要抓牢扶好。
Check that windows and doors are shut tight (= completely closed) before you leave.   走之前检查一下窗户和门是否关严了。
The plastic cover was stretched tight (= stretched as much as it could be) across the tank.   水箱上的塑胶罩子绷得很紧。
⇨ See also airtight;watertightadjective 
UNCOMFORTABLE  不舒适的  
■Clothes or shoes that are tight fit the body too closely and are uncomfortable 
  （衣服或鞋子）紧的，小的
That jacket's too tight - you want a bigger size.   那件夹克太紧身——你需要大号一点的。
■If you have a tight feeling in your chest you have an uncomfortable feeling of pressure, caused by illness, fear, etc. 
  （由于疾病、恐惧等）憋闷的，不适的adjective 
LIMITING  限制  
■Controls or rules that are tight are ones which severely limit what can happen 
  （管制措施或规则）严格的
tight security   严密的安全措施adjective 
NOT MUCH  不多  
■If time or money is tight, there is only just enough of it 
  （时间、金钱）紧的，拮据的
I'm sorry I can't stop, time's really tight.   对不起我不能停，时间真的很紧。
They're raising three kids on one small salary so money is very tight.   他们靠一份微薄薪水抚养三个孩子，所以手头很紧。adjective 
NOT GENEROUS  吝啬的  
■informal disapprovingtight-fisted 
  （不表赞同的不正式用法）吝啬的；小气的adjective 
DRUNK  醉的     old-fashioned informal 
■having had too much alcohol; drunk    饮酒过多的；醉的
Jim, you're tight!   吉姆，你醉了！adjective 
RELATIONSHIP  关系     informal 
■If you are tight with someone, you know them very well and like them a lot    亲密的；个人关系密切的（如果你和某人个人关系密切，则你非常了解他且很喜欢他）
We're tight - we've been best friends since we were at school.   我们的关系很密切－－自同窗时就是最要好的朋友。adjective 
be in a tight corner/spot 
■to be in a difficult situation    被逼到角落里；身处困境



★☆☆   tighten
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive 
 ADVANCED  
■to become tighter or to make something become tighter, firmer or less easy to move 
  （使）变紧，（使）紧固
Tighten the straps so they don't rub.   把带子拉紧，这样它们就不会互相磨擦了。
As he struggled, the ropes tightened even more.   他越挣扎，绳子就勒得越紧。verb intransitive or transitive 
tighten your belt 
■to spend less money than you did before because you have less money    勒紧裤带，省吃俭用
I've had to tighten my belt since I stopped working full-time.   自从我停止全职工作以来，就不得不勒紧裤带过日子。verb intransitive or transitive 
tighten the net 
■(especially of the police) to become closer to catching someone, especially a criminal 
  （尤指警方）收拢（抓捕罪犯的）网
The police are tightening the net around the smugglers.   警方逐渐缩小包围圈，逼近走私犯人。verb intransitive or transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] tighten sth up 
■to make something become tighter, firmer or less easy to move    使变紧，使紧固
Now tighten up the screws.   现在旋紧螺丝。verb intransitive or transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] tighten (sth) up 
■to make a rule, system, or law stronger and more difficult to avoid or ignore    使（规则、制度、法律）更严格
Are there any plans to tighten up on advertising controls?   有计划加强对广告的监管吗？




★☆☆   tight-fisted
—————————————————
 (also tight) informal disapproving 
adjective 
■unwilling to spend money    用钱不大方的，吝啬的
Don't imagine Gillian'll buy you a drink - she's too tight-fisted.   别幻想吉莉恩会给你买饮料——她这人太小气。



★☆☆   tight-lipped
—————————————————
adjective 
■If someone is tight-lipped, they are pressing their lips together to avoid showing anger or they are refusing to speak about something    口紧的，闭口不谈的
He's been very tight-lipped about what happened at the meeting.   



★☆☆   tightly
—————————————————
adverb 
■firmly or closely    紧紧地
The baby was clutching his dummy tightly in his grubby fist.   婴儿用脏兮兮的手紧紧抓着他的玩具。
Many commuters are forced to stand, tightly packed in, like sardines.   许多坐通勤车的人被迫像罐头里的沙丁鱼一样，紧紧地挤在车厢里。



★☆☆   tightrope
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a tightly stretched wire or rope fixed high above the ground, which skilled people walk across, especially in order to entertain others 
  （尤指用于娱乐表演的）绷紧的钢丝（或绳索）
One of the acrobats who walked the tightrope at the circus did it blindfolded.   马戏团里走钢丝的杂技演员中有一位是蒙着眼睛走的。UK noun countable 
walk/tread a tightrope 
■If you walk/tread a tightrope, you have to deal with a difficult situation, especially one involving making a decision between two opposing plans of action    走钢丝；（尤指因进退两难而）处境危险
Many manufacturers have to walk a tightrope between pricing their goods too high and not selling them, and pricing them low and losing money.   许多制造商都面临两难境地：或把价格定得太高结果卖不出去，或把价格定得很低结果赔钱。



★☆☆   tights
—————————————————
plural noun    UK (US pantyhose) 
■a piece of clothing made of thin stretchy material which covers the legs and lower part of the body below the waist, and which is worn by women and girls 
  （女用）紧身裤，连裤袜
She bought a new pair of tights.   她买了一双新的连裤袜。
Oh no, I've got a ladder/run/hole in my tights.   啊，糟了，我的连裤袜上有一处抽丝／一个洞。
■the same type of clothing made from thicker material and worn by dancers and people doing physical exercises for health 
  （舞蹈演员和健身者穿的）紧身衣



★☆☆   tight turn
—————————————————
(also tight bend) 
noun countable 
■a sudden sharp turn    急转弯



★☆☆   tightwad
—————————————————
UK US  US slang disapproving 
noun countable 
■a person who is not willing to spend money    守财奴，吝啬鬼
There's no point in asking Joe to pay for it - he's a real tightwad.   别指望乔付钱——他是个十足的守财奴。



★☆☆   tigress
—————————————————
noun countable 
ANIMAL  动物  
■a female tiger    母虎noun countable 
WOMAN  女人  
■a woman who is behaving very violently    凶狠的女人
Jean can be a real tigress if she feels criticised.   琼一旦觉得自己受到批评就会像只母老虎。



★☆☆   tike
—————————————————
noun countable 
■tyke 



★☆☆   tilde
—————————————————
noun countable 
■(used when writing some languages) a ~ mark made above a letter, especially n, to show that the letter has a special sound 
  （尤置于字母n之上表示其发音特殊的）波形符，腭化符号（~）



★☆☆   tile
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a thin, usually square or rectangular, piece of baked clay, plastic, etc. used for covering roofs, floors, walls, etc.    瓦片；瓷砖
roof tiles   屋面瓦
floor tiles   地砖
ceramic tiles   瓷砖
carpet tiles   地毯片noun countable 
be/go out on the tiles UK informal 
■to enjoy yourself at night by going out to nightclubs , parties or bars 
  （夜晚）去娱乐场所消遣
I was out on the tiles last night and I've got such a headache this morning.   昨晚我出去玩了个痛快，可今早头痛得要命。verb transitive 
■to cover a wall or floor with tiles    给…铺瓦；给…贴瓷砖
We're going to tile the bathroom.   我们要给浴室贴瓷砖。



★☆☆   tiled
—————————————————
adjective 
■(of a surface) covered with tiles 
  （表面）铺瓦的，铺砖的
The kitchen has a tiled floor.   厨房地面铺了地砖。



★☆☆   tiler
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who fixes tiles to a surface    泥瓦匠；铺瓦工；贴砖工
Can you recommend a good tiler?   你能介绍一个好的瓦匠吗？



★☆☆   till
—————————————————
preposition conjunction 
 IMPROVER  
■up to (the time that); until    直到；到…为止
We waited till half past six for you.   我们一直等你到六点半。
Up till 1918, women in Britain were not allowed to vote.   在1918年以前，英国不允许妇女参加选举。
How long is it till your baby is due?   你还有多久生孩子？noun countable mainly UK (US usually register) 
■the drawer in a cash register (= a machine which records sales in a shop, and in which money is kept) or the cash register itself    收银机的抽屉；收银机
Next time you have the till open, could you give me some change?   下次打开收银机时，你给我些零钱好吗？
I think these items have been rung up wrongly on the till.   我想这些商品在收银机上记错了。verb transitive 
■to prepare and use land for growing crops    耕，犁（土地）
This piece of land has been tilled for hundreds of years.   这块土地已经被耕耘了几百年。



★☆☆   tiller
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a long handle fixed to and used to turn a rudder (= blade at the back of a boat used to control the boat's direction)    舵柄



★☆☆   till roll 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a roll of paper on which the separate amounts of money paid for goods are recorded in a shop's cash register    收银机卷纸（一卷纸，商店收银机在其上纪录出售商品的收款资料）



★☆☆   tilt
—————————————————
verb 
intransitive or transitive 
■to (cause to) move into a sloping position 
  （使）倾斜
He tilted his chair backwards and put his feet up on his desk.   他把椅子向后倾，双脚搁在写字枱上。
Anna looked up at him with her head tilted to one side.   安娜歪着脑袋，抬头望着他。
The front seats of the car tilt.   汽车前座倾斜了。verb 
tilt at windmills literary 
■to fight enemies who do not really exist    向风车挑战；跟实际不存在的敌人战斗verb 
tilt the balance/scales (also tip the balance/scales) 
■If something tilts the balance, it is the thing which causes a particular situation to happen or a particular decision to be made when other situations or decisions are possible    打破平衡／使天平倾斜；起决定性作用
This might just tilt the balance in the government's favour.   这样或许正好打破平衡，使形势有利于政府一方。noun countable usually singular 
■when something is in a sloping position or when something moves in a particular direction, especially up or down    倾斜，倾侧
She wore her hat at a tilt.   她歪戴着帽子。
figurative There has been a tilt to/towards/away from the socialists among some groups of young people.   在一些青年团体中，存在着一种亲／反社会主义的倾向。noun countable usually singular 
at full tilt 
■as fast as possible    全速地；尽快
The plant is operating at full tilt to cope with demand.   为应付需求，这家工厂全速生产。



★☆☆   timber
—————————————————
UK noun 
 ADVANCED  uncountable 
■trees that are grown so that the wood from them can be used for building    林木；树木
a timber forest   材用林
These trees are being grown for timber.   这些树是供材用而栽种的。
 ADVANCED  uncountable UK (US lumber) 
■wood used for building    木材
a timber merchant   木材商
 ADVANCED  countable 
■a long piece of wood used for building, especially houses and ships    木料
roof timbers   房檩
a timber-framed building   木结构房屋UK exclamation 
■shouted when a tree which has been cut is about to fall 
  （在被伐树木倒下前喊的）倒啦



★☆☆   timberline
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable    US for 
■treeline 



★☆☆   timbre
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable specialized 
■a quality of sound which makes voices or musical instruments different from each other    音质，音品，音色
He has a wonderful singing voice, with a rich timbre and resonant tone.   他的歌声真好听——音色饱满，声音洪亮。



★☆☆   time
—————————————————
noun 
MINUTES/DAYS/YEARS  分／日／年  
 ESSENTIAL  uncountable 
■that part of existence which is measured in seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks, months, years, etc., or this process considered as a whole    时间
He wants to spend more time with his family.   他想多花时间陪家人。
Time passes so quickly when you're enjoying yourself.   玩得高兴时，时间过得特别快。
She grew more and more fascinated by the subject as time went on/by.   随着时间推移，她对这学科越来越着迷。
The curtains have faded over/with time (= as years have gone past).   年深日久，窗帘已经褪色了。
You'll forget her in time (= in the future).   你迟早会忘记她的。
Over the course of time (= as years have gone past) , holes have formed in the rock.   随着岁月的流逝，岩石上出现了洞眼。
I only worked there for a short period of time.   我只在那里工作过一段短时间。
I'd like to visit them all but time is short (= there is little time left).   所有地方我都想参观，可时间不够。
all the time  IMPROVER  
■continuously    不停，一直
I wish you'd stop criticizing me all the time.   我希望你别再没完没了地批评我。
waste time  IMPROVER  
■to not make good use of the hours, etc. that you have available    浪费时间
If you'd got on with your work instead of wasting time chatting, you'd be finished by now.   如果你当时继续工作而不是浪费时间去聊天，你现在已经完成任务了。
in no time (also in next to no time) 
■very quickly or very soon    很快，马上，立刻
The children ate their dinner in no time.   孩子们很快吃完了饭。
We'll be home in next to no time.   我们将立刻回家。
no time to lose 
■If you say there is or that you have no time to lose, it means that you must do quickly whatever it is that you want to do    没时间耽搁
Come on, there's no time to lose, we must get home before John finds out.   赶快，没有时间耽搁了，我们必须在约翰发现之前赶到家。
for all time literary 
■always    总是
I will love you for all time.   我会永远爱你。
of all time 
■that has ever lived or existed    有史以来
She's been called the greatest opera singer of all time.   她被称为有史以来最伟大的歌剧演唱家。noun 
ABLE TO DO STH  可做些东西  
have time 
 ESSENTIAL  
■If you have got time, you have enough time to do something    有时间
We haven't got much time before the train leaves.   在火车开动之前，我们的时间不多了。
Have you got time for a quick drink after work?   下班后你有没有时间小酌一杯？
I'd like to learn to sail, but I haven't the time (= I am too busy).   我想学驾帆船，可我没时间。
[+ to infinitive] I haven't got time to go to the shops today.   我今天没有时间去商店购物。
run out of time  IMPROVER  
■to not have enough hours, etc. available to finish something you are trying to do    时间不够
She ran out of time and didn't finish the last question.   她时间不够，最后一道题没有答完。
be (all) out of time mainly US informal 
■to not have enough minutes, etc. available    没有足够的时间
I'd like to continue this discussion but we're all out of time.   我很想继续这讨论，但我们的时间不够。
time's up informal 
■there are no more minutes, hours, etc. available    时间到了
OK everyone, time's up for this week - see you all again at next week's class.   好了，各位，这星期的课就上到这里——下星期上课再见。noun 
PERIOD  时期  
 ESSENTIAL  [S or U] 
■a particular period of seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks, months, years, etc. for which something has been happening, or which is needed for something, or which is available for something    一段时间
I enjoyed my course at first, but after a time I got bored with it.   起初我很喜欢修习这课程，但过了一段时间后就厌烦了。
They stayed with us for a short time.   他们和我们在一起呆了一会儿。
That was the best restaurant I've been to for/in a long time (= a long period has gone past since I went to such a good restaurant).   那是我很长一段时间以来去过最好的餐厅。
It was some time ago that I last heard from her.   我最后一次收到她的信已有一段时间了。
We're going on holiday in two weeks' time (= after two weeks have gone past).   我们过两周要去渡假。
During her time (= While she was) in office, the Prime Minister introduced a large number of changes.   首相在执政期间推行了多项改革。
When Paula was ill, I took her some magazines to help her pass the time (= to try to make the hours, etc. feel as if they were going past less slowly).   宝拉生病时，我给她带去一些杂志帮她消磨时间。
If you'd taken more time with/over (= spent more hours doing) this essay, you could have done it much better.   如果你在这篇文章上多花些时间，本可以写得好得多。
It takes a long time (= many hours are needed) to get from London to Sydney.   从伦敦到雪梨要花很长时间。
We'd save time on our journey (= It would be quicker) if we went by train.   如果我们坐火车去，就会在旅程上节省时间。
What do you like doing in your spare/free time (= the time when you're not working) ?   你闲暇时间喜欢做甚么？
I don't know how you find time to do all the things you do.   我不知道你是怎么抽出时间做所有这些事情的。
I thought we'd give her a bit more time (= allow her more time) to get the job done.   我原以为我们会给她多一点时间完成工作。
at the time  IMPROVER  
■at the particular point when something was thought of or done    在当时
It seemed like a good idea at the time.   在当时这似乎是个好主意。
have/take time off 
 ADVANCED  
■to stop work, in order to do something else    抽出时间
I asked my boss if I could have some time off (from work) to go to the dentist.   我问老板我能不能抽出一些时间去看牙医。
for a time 
 ADVANCED  
■for a short period    一些时候，一小段时间
For a time, we all thought that Sheila and Frank would get married.   我们都一度认为希拉和弗兰克会结婚。
for the time being 
 ADVANCED  
■for a limited period    暂时，暂且
Leave the ironing for the time being - I'll do it later.   暂且放一放烫衣服的工作——我晚些来烫。
at any time 
 ADVANCED  
■ever    在任何时候
Parking is not allowed here at any time.   这里任何时候都不得停车。
from time to time 
 ADVANCED  
■sometimes but not often    偶尔，有时
From time to time I still think of her.   我偶尔还会想起她。
time after time 
■again and again    一次又一次
Time after time she gets involved in relationships with unsuitable men.   她一次次地与不般配的男人陷入情感纠葛。
time and (time) again 
■very often    屡次，经常
I've told you time and time again - look before you cross the road.   我多次跟你说——过马路之前要先看一看。
at your time of life 
■at a person's present age    在…的年纪
At his time of life, he ought to be taking things easy.   他这样年纪应该享享清福了。noun 
PARTICULAR POINT  特定的时间点  
 ESSENTIAL  countable or only singular or uncountable 
■a particular point in the day, as expressed in hours and minutes or shown on a clock, or a particular point in the day, week, month or year, etc    时刻；时间点；钟点
"What's the time?" "It's ten o'clock."   “现在甚么时间？”“十点。”
What time is it?   现在几点了？
What time do you finish work?   你甚么时候完成工作？
Have you got the time (on you) (= Do you know what time it is) ?   你知道几点吗？
He's teaching his daughter to tell the time (= to recognize what time it is by looking at a clock).   他在教女儿看钟表。
Did you find out the times of the trains to London (= the particular points in the day at which they leave) ?   你查到去伦敦的火车的开车时间吗？
The estimated time of arrival/departure of this flight is 11.15.   这次航班估计在11点15分到达／起飞。
Oh dear, is that the (right) time (= Is it that late) ?   哦，天哪，有这么晚了吗？
The kitchen clock is gaining/losing time (= is showing a particular point in the day that is increasingly later or earlier than the real one).   厨房的钟快／慢了。
My watch has never kept very good time (= been correct in showing what particular point in the day it is).   我的手表从来都不准。
We always have dinner at the same time every day.   我们每天总是在同一时间吃晚饭。
I was exhausted by the time (= when) I got home.   我到家时已经筋疲力尽了。
"What would be the best time of day for us to deliver the table?" "Oh, any time will be OK."   “我们甚么时候送桌子最合适？”“哦，甚么时候都行。”
Today's temperatures will be normal for the time of year (= will be as they are expected to be at this particular point in the year).   今天的气温会和往年此时的平均气温一样。
Just think, this time (= at the same particular point during) next week we'll be in Mauritius.   想想吧，下星期这个时候我们就在模里西斯了。
We regret that at the present time (US alsoat this time)(= for now, although it is hoped not in the future) we are unable to supply the goods you ordered.   很遗憾，我们现在无法供应您订的货。
The time is fast drawing near/approaching when (= it will soon be the particular point at which) we'll have to make a decision one way or the other.   要么这样，要么那样，很快就到我们必须下决心的时刻。
uncountable 
■the system of recording hours used in different parts of the world 
  （世界各地不同的）计时体系
Greenwich Mean Time   格林威治平均时
daylight saving time   夏令时noun 
SUITABLE POINT  合适的时间点  
 ESSENTIAL  [S or U] 
■a particular point of the day, week, month, year, etc. that is suitable for a particular activity, or at which something is expected to happen 
  （从事特定活动或某事应该发生的）时间，时候
holiday time   假期
party time   玩乐时间   


time 1	3. Put your toys away now, it's time for bed.
 现在收拾好玩具，该睡觉了。
It's time (that) I was leaving.   我该动身了。
[+ to infinitive] Is it time to go home yet?   该回家了吗？
When would be a good time for me to call you?   我甚么时候合适给你打电话？
This is not the time (= not a suitable moment) to be thinking about buying a house.   现在不是考虑买房子的时候。
This is no time (= not a suitable moment) to change your mind.   现在不是你改变主意的时候。
I feel that the time has come (= now is a suitable moment) for me to move on.   我觉得是我离开的时候了。
The repairs to the road were finished two weeks ahead of time (= sooner than was expected).   道路维修工程提前两星期完成。
Why is it that the trains never run on time (= make their journeys in the expected number of hours, etc.) ?   为甚么火车从不准时？
She's grown old before her time (= sooner than she might have been expected to have done).   她过早衰老。
in time  IMPROVER  
■early enough    及早，及时
I got home just in time - it's starting to rain.   我正好及时赶到家——随后就开始下雨了。
If we don't hurry up, we won't be in time to catch the train.   如果我们拖拖拉拉的，就不能及时赶上火车。
We arrived in good time (= We arrived early) for the start of the match.   我们到得早，看到比赛的开头。
(bang/dead/right) on time informal 
 IMPROVER  
■happening or done at the particular moment that it was expected to happen or be done    极为准时
The bus arrived dead on time.   公共汽车到站极为准时。
ahead of time mainly US 
■earlier than a particular moment    提前
Let's meet for lunch. I'll call you ahead of time to fix up exactly when and where.   我们见面吃个午饭吧。我会提前打电话跟你定时间和地点。
about time (also high time) informal 
 ADVANCED  
■If it is about time/high time that someone did something, it should have been done sooner or a long time ago    早该
It's about time (that) the school improved its meals service.   学校早该改善膳食服务。
It is high time for Europe to take responsibility for its own defence.   欧洲早该自行承担防御责任。
about time (too) (also not before time) informal 
■said when someone does something or something happens that you think should have been done or have happened much sooner    早该
"So Ben's finally found a job." "Yes, and about time too."   “这么说，本终于找到工作了。”“对，早就该找到了。”noun 
OCCASION  时候  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■an occasion or period, or the experience connected with it    次，回；时候；一段经历
The last time we went to Paris, it rained every day.   上次我们去巴黎的时候，每天都下雨。
Every time] Each time I ask you to do something, you always say you're too busy.   每次我叫你做事，你都说太忙。
They go swimming three or four times a week.   他们每周去游泳三四次。
There are times when I wish I didn't live where I do.   有时我真希望我不是住在现在的地方。
The UKfour-times/ USfour-time champion (= the person who had been the winner on four occasions in the past) was unexpectedly defeated in the second round of the competition.   这名曾四度夺冠的选手出人意料地在比赛的第二轮就被打败了。
If I'd known at the time (= then) that she was his former wife, I'd never have said what I did.   我当时要是知道她是他前妻的话，我就不会那样说了。
Sometimes I enjoy my English lessons, but at other times (= on other occasions) I find them really boring.   有时我很喜欢英语课，但有时也感觉很枯燥。
For the umpteenth/hundredth/thousandth time, (= I've told you on many occasions to) stop hitting your sister.   我无数次／上百次／上千次告诉过你，别再打你妹妹。
Did you have a bad/good time (= an unenjoyable/enjoyable experience) at the conference?   你在大会上感到不舒服／舒服吗？
She had an easy/hard time of it (= a comfortable/uncomfortable experience) with the birth of her second baby.   她生第二个孩子时很顺利／艰难。
at all times 
■continuously    一直，总是
When you're at the airport, you should make sure you have your luggage with you at all times.   在机场，要把行李一直带在你身边。
at (any) one time (also at a time) (also at any given time) 
■at or during any particular point or moment in the day    每次；任何时候
Only a certain number of people are allowed in the building at any one time.   该建筑任何时候都只允许一定数量的人员在内。
I'm sorry, but I'm too busy to help you now - I can only do one thing at a time.   对不起，我现在太忙了，不能帮你——我一次只能做一件事。
at times 
■sometimes    有时
You can be really annoying at times, you know.   要知道，你有时很令人恼火。
the times UK 
■on many occasions    多次
The times I've told you, ask before you borrow my clothes.   我已经告诉你许多次了，在借用我的衣服之前要先问一声。noun 
HISTORICAL PERIOD  历史时期  
 ADVANCED  countable (also times) 
■a period in history    历史时期；时代
Charles Dickens' novel "A Tale of Two Cities" is set at the time of the French Revolution.   查理斯‧狄更斯的小说《双城记》是以法国大革命时期为背景的。
In/During medieval times, women thought to be witches were burnt at the stake.   中世纪时期，人们把被认为是女巫的女人在火刑柱上烧死。
In times gone by, all crops were harvested by hand.   在过去的时代，所有农作物都是人手收割。
Times were hard (= The conditions of life were uncomfortable) when I was a boy.   我小时候日子很艰难。
He is widely regarded as one of the best writers of modern/our times (= the present or very recent past).   人们普遍认为他是现代／我们这个时代最优秀的作家之一。
I never thought it would happen in my time (= before I died).   我怎么也想不到这会在我有生之年发生。
We sat and talked about old times (= things that had happened to us in the past.)   我们坐下来谈论往事。
at one time (also times) 
 ADVANCED  
■in the past    过去；一度
At one time, George Eliot lived here.   乔治‧艾略特曾一度住在这里。
ahead of your time (UK also before your time) 
■having new ideas, opinions or ways of living long before most other people do    领先时代的，超越时代的
before your time 
■If something or someone is before your time, they happened or existed before you were born or were old enough to remember them    在…出生前；在…记事前
I don't remember The Beatles - they were before my time.   我对披头四乐队没有甚么印象——那是我出生前的事。
⇨ See also ahead of time
time was 
■said to mean that there was a period in the past when something used to happen or be true    在过去；想当年
Time was (when) you could buy a loaf of bread for sixpence.   过去，你花六便士就能买到一条面包。noun 
RACE  比赛  
countable or uncountable 
■Your time in a race is the number of minutes, hours, etc. you take to complete it 
  （赛跑中所用的）时间
Her time for the marathon was just under three hours.   她的马拉松成绩差一点不到三小时。
He won the 100 metres in record time.   他以创纪录的成绩赢得了100米赛跑。noun 
MUSIC  音乐  
uncountable 
■the number of beats in a bar of music, or the speed at which a piece of music is intended to be played    拍子；节奏
This piece is written in 4/4 time.   这支曲子是四分之四拍的。
Small children often have difficulty singing in time with the music (= at the same speed at which the music is being played).   幼儿唱歌时常常难以与音乐合拍。
It seemed to me as if the violins were playing out of time (= at a different speed from the other instruments playing the same piece of music).   我觉得小提琴似乎不合拍。
To beat time is to make a regular series of sounds at the same speed as a piece of music is intended to be played.   打拍子就是跟着音乐的节奏制造出一系列有规律的声响
Watching the conductor will help you to keep time (= to play the music at the speed at which it is intended to be played).   看着指挥有助你跟上节拍。noun 
PRISON  监狱  
do time informal 
■to spend a period of weeks, months, years, etc. in prison 
  （在监狱）服刑
It's not always easy to find a job after you've done time.   出狱后要找到工作可不容易。noun 
DRINKING  喝  
uncountable 
■the particular point in the day at which people who are drinking in a bar in Britain have to finish their drinks and leave 
  （英国酒吧的）打烊时间
"Time, please," called the landlord.   “对不起，要打烊了。”店主叫道。
Is it time already?   已经到打烊的时间了吗？noun 
all the time in the world 
■a large number of minutes, hours, etc. available    许多时间
The doctor made me feel as if she had all the time in the world to listen to my problems.   这个医生让我觉得她似乎有很多时间来倾听我的问题。noun 
behind the times 
■If someone or something is behind the times, they are old-fashioned.    落后于时代，过时noun 
be pressed for time 
■to be in a hurry    时间紧迫
I'd love to stop and chat but I'm rather pressed for time.   我真想停下来聊聊天，但我的时间太紧了。noun 
change with/keep up with/move with the times 
■to change your ideas, opinions or way of living or working to make them modern    跟上时代潮流，与时俱进
I don't really like working on a computer, but you have to move with the times, I suppose.   我实在不喜欢使用电脑工作，但我觉得人总得跟上时代潮流吧。noun 
give sb a hard time informal 
■to make things difficult or unpleasant for someone    使（某人）日子不好过
Her kids always give her a hard time when she takes them shopping.   她带孩子们去购物时，他们总是给她惹麻烦。
My mother gave me a really hard time (= was angry with me) about staying out late.   我母亲对我在外面留到很晚感到很生气。noun


time 2	give sb the time of day 
* If someone will not give you the time of day, they are unfriendly and refuse to speak to you    理睬，搭理（某人）
We had an argument with our neighbours, and now they won't even give us the time of day.   我们和邻居吵了一架，到现在他们还不搭理我们。noun 
have a lot of time for sb informal 
■to like someone and be interested in them    对（某人）有好感，喜欢（某人）
She's really nice - I have a lot of time for Helen.   海伦人真好——我很喜欢她。noun 
have no time for sb 
■to disapprove of someone and not want to be involved with them    对（某人）没好感，讨厌（某人）
I've got no time for people who are always complaining.   我不喜欢老是抱怨的人。noun 
have time to kill 
■to have nothing to do for a particular period    有时间可以消磨
We've got some time to kill before our train arrives - shall we have a drink?   火车到达之前我们还有些时间可以打发——去喝一杯怎么样？noun 
a matter/question of time 
■used when you think that something will happen at some point in the near future 
  （只不过是）时间问题
If you carry on driving like that, it'll only be a matter of time before you have an accident.   如果你老是那样开车，迟早会出事的。noun 
There's a time and a place (for everything). saying 
■said when someone is behaving in a way which you do not think is suitable for the situation they are in 
  （凡事）要讲究时间和场合。noun 
There's no time like the present. saying 
■said to encourage someone to take action immediately instead of waiting    目前正是好时机。noun 
Time and tide wait for no man. UK literary saying 
■said to emphasize that people cannot stop the passing of time, and therefore should not delay doing things    岁月不待人；时不我待noun 
Time flies. saying 
■used to mean that time passes very and surprisingly quickly    时光飞逝
Time flies when you're having fun.   玩得高兴的时候，时间过得飞快。noun 
Time hangs heavy. saying 
■said when minutes, hours, weeks, etc. seem to go past very slowly    时间难以打发
Time hangs heavy in prison.   在监狱里真是度日如年。noun 
Time is money. saying 
■said to emphasize that you should not waste time, because you could be using it to earn money    时间就是金钱。noun 
Time is of the essence. formal saying 
■said to encourage someone to hurry    时间是关键。noun 
time is on sb's side (also have time on your side) 
■If you say that time is on your side, or that you have time on your side, you mean that you do not have to do quickly whatever it is that you want or have to do 
  （某人）有充裕的时间
We don't have to make a final decision till next week, so time is on our side.   下星期之前我们不必作出最后决定，因此我们有充裕时间。noun 
the time is ripe 
■If you say that the time is ripe, you mean that it is a suitable point for a particular activity    时机成熟了
I'm waiting till the time is ripe before I tell my parents that I failed my exams.   我要等到时机成熟后再告诉父母考试不及格的事。noun 
the time of your life 
■an extremely enjoyable experience    极其快乐的时光
We had the time of our lives at Ali's party.   在阿里家举行的派对上，我们渡过了极其快乐的时光。noun 
have time on your hands 
■to have nothing to do    无事可做
Now that her children are all at school, Mary has found that she has time on her hands, so she is taking a college course.   由于孩子都上学了，玛丽发现自己没事可做，所以她打算修一门大学课程。noun 
time stands still 
■When time stands still, everything around you seems to stop    时间仿佛凝固了，周围的一切似乎凝住了
I saw the car coming straight towards me, and for a moment time stood still.   我看见汽车朝我直开过来，一瞬间时间仿佛凝固了。noun 
(only) time will/can tell 
■used to say that the truth or a result will only be known in the future after events have happened 
  （只有）时间能证明
Only time will tell whether we made the right decision.   只有时间才能证明我们的决定是否正确。noun 
Time's a great healer. (also Time heals (all wounds).) saying 
■said to mean that a painful or difficult situation will seem less bad as time passes    时间是治愈创伤的良药。noun 
Times are changing. saying 
■said to emphasize that society is very different from the way it was in the past    时代在变。verb transitive 
 ADVANCED  
■to decide that something will happen at a particular time    确定…的时间，为…安排时间
[+ to infinitive] We timed our trip to coincide with my cousin's wedding.   我们把我们的旅行安排在表哥结婚的时候。
■to measure how long it takes for something to happen or for someone to do something    为…计时，测定…所需的时间
Will you time me to see how long it takes me to swim a length?   请你给我测一下游一个单程要花多少时间好吗？
■to arrange something so that it happens at an exactly suitable time    掌握好…的时机
If you time your departure carefully, you should be able to miss the worst of the traffic.   如果精心安排好出发的时间，你应该能够避开交通堵塞最严重的时段。
She won the game with a brilliantly timed shot (= one played at exactly the right moment).   她掌握时机，用出色的一击赢得这场比赛。



★☆☆   time and a half 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the usual pay for a job with half the usual pay added on to it    相当于平时一倍半的（加班）工资



★☆☆   time-and-motion study
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular 
■a study of work methods, especially in industry or business, in order to find the most effective way of operating 
  （尤指工商业领域的）时间与动作研究（旨在找到最有效率的工作方法）



★☆☆   time bomb 
—————————————————
noun 
BOMB  炸弹  
countable usually singular 
■a bomb which contains a device that makes it explode at a particular time    定时炸弹noun 
DIFFICULT SITUATION  困难处境  
countable usually singular 
■a situation which is likely to become difficult to deal with or control    潜在危险；隐患
By ignoring the wishes of their employees, the managers are setting/creating a time bomb for themselves.   忽视雇员的愿望，管理人员等于是在给自己埋下／制造一颗定时炸弹。
The prison governors are sitting on a time bomb (= are having to deal with a bad situation that is likely to become difficult to deal with or control).   监狱长们如同正坐在定时炸弹上。



★☆☆   time capsule 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a container which is filled with objects considered to be typical of the present period in history and then buried, so that it can be dug up and studied in a future period    时代文物秘藏器（装入具有时代特征的物件后埋入地下，以供后世发掘研究）



★☆☆   time clock 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a clock which employees use to record the particular point in the day at which they arrive at and leave work    打卡钟（上下班记时钟）



★☆☆   time-consuming
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■describes a task that takes a lot of time to do    耗费时间的；旷日持久的
Producing a dictionary is a very time-consuming job.   编字典是件很费时间的工作。



★☆☆   timed ticket 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a ticket which allows you to go into a place, such as a famous building which the public is able to visit, at a particular time    限时门票



★☆☆   time frame 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a period of days, weeks, months, etc. within which an activity is intended to happen 
  （安排进行某活动的）时间框架，时间范围
Have you set a time frame for completing the job?   你给这项工作定下完成时限了吗？
The government plans to introduce these changes in/within a fairly long/short time frame.   政府计划在相当长／短的时间内进行这些改革。



★☆☆   time-honoured
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■A time-honoured tradition, practice, or method is respected because it has been done or used in the same way for many years 
  （传统、习俗、方法）古老而又受尊重的，历史悠久的
humorous The developers dealt with the problem in the time-honoured fashion/way , burying the industrial waste in landfill sites.   开发商处理这个问题用的是老法子——把工业垃圾填埋起来。



★☆☆   timekeeper
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an object or person that records (an amount of) time    计时员；计时器
There's no point in having a clock which looks attractive if it isn't a good timekeeper (= if it doesn't record the time correctly).   一个好看但走时不准的钟没有甚么用。
■a person who records the amount of time that people taking part in a race or competition take to finish the race or competition, or the amount of time that people at work spend working on their jobs 
  （比赛或工作的）计时员
a good/bad timekeeper 
■a person who usually arrives on time/late for something, especially work    （尤指在工作上）通常守时／迟到的人



★☆☆   timekeeping
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the ability to arrive at a place at the time expected    守时



★☆☆   time lag 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a period between two related events 
  （两个相关联事件之间的）时间间隔，时间差；时滞
There's a time lag of about a week between having the blood test and getting the results.   从验血到拿结果大约要一周时间。



★☆☆   time-lapse
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
■describes a method of filming very slow actions by taking a series of single pictures over a period of time and then putting them together to show the action happening very quickly 
  （摄影）延时的，定时的（在一段时间内对非常缓慢的动作拍摄出一系列照片，然后连续放映，高速呈现该动作的发生过程）
time-lapse photography   延时摄影
a time-lapse camera/sequence   延时摄影机／序列



★☆☆   timeless
—————————————————
adjective 
NOT CHANGING  不会改变的  
■describes something that does not change as the years go past    不受时间影响的；永恒的
The city has a timeless quality as if it had existed forever.   该市具有一种永恒的品质，似乎它恒古以来就存在。adjective 
NOT LIMITED  没有限制的  
■having a value that is not limited to a particular period but will last forever    不朽的；永恒的；永不过时的
a timeless book/play/film/classic   一部流传百世的书／戏剧／电影／经典作品
timeless values/questions   永恒的价值／问题
Rothko's paintings have a timeless quality.   罗思科的绘画作品具有永恒不变的品质。



★☆☆   time limit 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■the greatest length of time someone is allowed to spend doing something    时限，期限
We've set a time limit of ten minutes for each child's turn on the trampoline.   我们限定每个孩子在蹦蹦床上只能玩十分钟。
There's a 30-minute time limit on Internet use in the library.   图书馆的网际网路使用限时为半小时。



★☆☆   timeline
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a line that shows the time and the order in which events have happened 
  （事件发生的）先后顺序表
■a plan which shows how long something will take or when things will happen 
  （显示做某事所需时间或某事何时发生的）时间表



★☆☆   timely
—————————————————
adjective 
■happening at a suitable moment    适时的；及时的
a timely reminder   及时的提醒
The change in the exchange rate provided a timely boost to the company's falling profits.   汇率的变动及时缓解了公司利润下滑的局面。



★☆☆   time machine 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■(especially in stories and films) a machine in which people can travel into the past or the future 
  （尤指小说和电影中的）时间机器（人们可以乘坐它往返于过去或未来之间）



★☆☆   time-out
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a short period during a game in some sports when the players stop playing in order to rest, plan what they are going to do next, etc. 
  （某些体育比赛过程中的）暂停
The coach called a time-out to discuss strategy.   教练叫了暂停来讨论战术。exclamation noun US 
■used to tell people to stop what they are doing, especially when they are having a disagreement    暂停（尤用于让争吵的人暂停争吵）
OK, time-out, everyone, let's all quiet down and talk about this calmly.   好了，大家不要争了，我们都冷静下来，心平气和地讨论这个问题。



★☆☆   timepiece
—————————————————
 old-fashioned or formal 
noun countable 
■a clock or watch    钟；表



★☆☆   time-poor
—————————————————
UK adjective [after verb] 
■not having enough time to do things    缺少时间的；没有足够时间的
Increasingly, both men and women in the professional middle classes are work-rich and time-poor.   中产阶段的男女专业人士都感到工作日益繁重，而时间却越发不足。



★☆☆   timer
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a device which records when a particular number of minutes, hours, etc. have gone past    定时器；计时器
He set the timer on the oven to/for 20 minutes (= to record when 20 minutes had gone past).   他给烤箱定时器定了20分钟。
(UK also time switch) 
■a device on a machine which causes the machine to start or stop working at a particular point in the day    计时开关，定时开关



★☆☆   time-release
—————————————————
 (also timed-release) 
adjective 
■(of a pill) releasing its contents gradually during the day 
  （药丸）缓释的，延时释放的



★☆☆   times
—————————————————
preposition predeterminer adverb 
■multiplied by    乘，乘以
Two times two equals four (2 x 2 = 4).   2乘2等于4。
The area of a rectangle is its height times its width.   长方形的面积等于长乘以宽。predeterminer adverb 
■used to show the difference in amount of two things, by multiplying one of them by the stated number    倍
She earns five times as much as I do./She earns five times more than I do.   她赚的钱是我的五倍。
My foot swelled up to three times the normal size when it was stung by a wasp.   被黄蜂蜇了以后，我的脚比原来肿了两倍。
ten/fifty, etc times better/longer, etc.    informal 
■much better/longer, etc    好得多／长得多等
This piece of work is ten times better than the last piece you did.   这篇作品比你上次的那篇要好上十倍。




★☆☆   timesaving
—————————————————
adjective 
■reducing the amount of time needed for doing something    省时的
Washing machines and vacuum cleaners are timesaving devices.   洗衣机和真空吸尘器是省时的设备。



★☆☆   timescale
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the period of time over which something happens 
  （某事发生的）一段时间，起止时间
Police officers are trying to construct the timescale of events leading up to the murder.   警方正努力把谋杀前发生的事件按时间顺序排列出来。
What's the timescale for this (= How long will it take) ?   这要持续多久？



★☆☆   timeserver
—————————————————
UK US disapproving 
noun countable 
■a person who does not work very hard at their job, and who is just waiting until they reach the age at which they can stop work    得过且过的人，当一天和尚撞一天钟的人
■someone who changes their ideas and opinions in order to make them more like those that are held by people in power, especially because they believe it will be to their advantage    曲意逢迎的人；趋炎附势的人



★☆☆   timeshare
—————————————————
UK noun 
countable 
■a holiday house or apartment which is owned by several different people who each use it for a particular period of the year 
  （每年分时段与别人共用的）分时渡假住房
We've bought a timeshare in Spain.   我们在西班牙买了一个分时渡假房。
timeshare holiday/property/developments   分时渡假假日／房产／开发项目
uncountable (also time-sharing) 
■the activity of owning and using a timeshare    分时渡假



★☆☆   time-sharing
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
COMPUTER  电脑  
■the use of a central computer by several other smaller computers connected to it    分时，时间共用（指数台较小的电脑共同使用一台中央电脑）UK noun uncountable 
HOLIDAY  假期  
■timeshare    分时使用渡假房的方法



★☆☆   time sheet
—————————————————
(US also time card) 
noun countable 
■a piece of paper on which an employee records the number of hours they have worked    工作时间记录单，考勤单



★☆☆   time signal 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a signal which is broadcast on the radio at an exact time, for example one o'clock, to show accurately what the time is 
  （收音机发出的）报时信号



★☆☆   time signature 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a symbol, usually in the form of two numbers, one above the other, written at the beginning of a piece of music to show how many beats there are in each bar 
  （乐谱开头用以表示节拍的）拍号



★☆☆   time switch
—————————————————
UK 
noun countable 
■a timer 



★☆☆   timetable
—————————————————
 UK (US schedule) 
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a list of the times when events are planned to happen, especially the times when buses, trains and planes leave and arrive 
  （尤指公共汽车、火车和飞机的）起讫时刻表；时间表
Do you have a Birmingham to London train timetable that I could borrow?   你有从伯明罕到伦敦的列车时间表借我一用吗？
The timetable for our trip to Paris includes visits to Notre Dame, the Eiffel Tower and the Louvre.   我们巴黎之行的时间表上包括参观巴黎圣母院、埃菲尔铁塔和罗浮宫。
Here is the timetable of events for the day.   这是一天的排程表。
I've got a very busy timetable next week (= I have a lot of activities planned).   下周我的时间表排得满满的。
 ADVANCED  
■a list of the times when classes in school happen 
  （学校的）课程表
The first lesson on the timetable for Monday morning is history.   课程表上周一上午的第一节课是历史。 UK (US schedule) 
verb transitive usually passive 
■to plan when something is going to happen    为…安排时间
[+ to infinitive] We are timetabled to go to the British Museum on Thursday and the Tower of London on Friday.   根据时间表的安排，我们周四去大英博物馆，周五去伦敦塔。
The lecture is timetabled for 5.00 p.m.   根据时间表的安排，讲座在下午五点开始。



★☆☆   time-tested
—————————————————
 mainly US 
adjective 
■describes something, for example a method, that has been used for a long period and has been proved to work well    经过时间检验的；历经考验的
The school uses old, time-tested techniques for teaching children to read.   该校采用久经检验、行之有效的技巧来教授孩子阅读。



★☆☆   time travel 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the theoretical process of travelling into the past or the future    时间旅行（理论上指人前往过去或未来的过程）



★☆☆   time warp 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a theoretical change in the measurement of time in which people and events from one part of history are imagined as existing in another part    时间异常，时间错位（理论上时间计量的变化，在此变化中一个历史阶段的人物和事件被幻想存在于另一个历史阶段）
be/live in a time warp figurative 
■to be old-fashioned in your behaviour or opinions    老式的，过时的，守旧的（be／live in a time warp 是指生活在时光隧道里，好像回到了过去的时代；指行为或意见等过时、守旧）
He's living in a time warp - he even wears a bowler hat to work!   他仿佛仍然活在过去－－他甚至戴着常礼帽工作！（常礼帽是英国绅士戴的圆顶硬礼帽）



★☆☆   timeworn
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■(no longer of interest or value because of) having been used a lot over a long period of time    陈腐的；陈旧的
a timeworn expression/excuse   陈词滥调／老掉牙的借口
a timeworn path   年久失修的小路



★☆☆   time zone 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■one of many equal parts into which the world is divided. In any place within each part, the particular point in the day is the same, and is an hour in front of or behind that in the parts on either side    时区
If you go from New York to London, you cross five time zones.   从纽约到伦敦要跨越五个时区。



★☆☆   timid
—————————————————
adjective 
■shy and nervous; without much confidence; easily frightened    羞怯的；胆小的，胆怯的
Lucy is a rather timid child.   露西是个非常羞怯的孩子。
My horse is a bit timid and is easily frightened by traffic.   我的马有点胆小，容易受到来往车辆的惊吓。



★☆☆   timing
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■the time when something happens 
  （某事发生的）时间
"Have we arrived too early?" "No, your timing is perfect - dinner is almost ready."   “我们到得是不是太早了？”“不，你们来得正是时候——晚餐就要准备好了。”
The bomb contained a timing device set to make it go off at rush hour.   炸弹有一个定时装置，预设在交通高峰时间引爆。
 ADVANCED  
■the ability to do something at exactly the right time    掌握时机的能力
To be a good tennis player, you have to have good timing.   要成为一个优秀的网球运动员，你必须掌握好击球的时机。
■the ability to play or sing all the notes in a piece of music at the correct speed    合节拍的能力，掌握节奏的能力
My singing teacher says I must try and improve my timing.   我的声乐老师说我必须努力提高掌握节奏的能力。



★☆☆   timorous
—————————————————
UK US  literary 
adjective 
■nervous and without much confidence; timid    羞怯的；胆小的，胆怯的



★☆☆   timpani
—————————————————
plural noun 
■a set of kettledrums (= large metal drums with round bottoms) played in an orchestra 
  （管弦乐队的）定音鼓



★☆☆   timpanist
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person who plays the timpani    定音鼓手



★☆☆   tin
—————————————————
noun 
METAL  金属  
 ADVANCED  uncountable 
■a silvery-coloured metal, often combined with other metals or used to cover and protect other metals    锡noun 
CONTAINER  容器  
 ADVANCED  countable UK (UK AND US ALSO can) 
■a closed cylindrical metal container in which food is sold    罐头盒，罐
a tin of beans   一罐豆子
piles of soup tins   一大堆汤罐头盒
 ADVANCED  countable UK (US can) 
■the contents of a tin, or the amount of something a tin contains    罐头；盒装之物；桶装之物；听（或盒、桶）所装之量
The children ate two tins of beans.   孩子们吃了两罐豆子。
We used four tins of paint when we painted the ceiling.   我们漆天花板用了四桶涂料。
 ADVANCED  countable UK (US cookie jar) 
■a metal container with a lid used for keeping cakes or biscuits 
  （用于储存糕点或饼干的）有盖金属盒
a biscuit tin   饼干盒
 ADVANCED  countable UK (US can) 
■a cylindrical metal container with a lid used for keeping liquid substances such as paint 
  （用于储藏涂料等液体的）有盖金属桶
a tin of paint   一罐油漆
 ADVANCED  countable UK (US pan) 
■a metal container without a lid used for cooking food in the oven 
  （无盖的）烤模，烤盘
Put both cake tins in the oven for half an hour.   把两个蛋糕烤模都放在烤箱里烤半小时。



★☆☆   tincture
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■a medicine which consists of a mixture of alcohol and a small amount of a drug    酊，酊剂
a/some tincture of iodine/myrrh   一种碘酊／没药酊



★☆☆   tinder
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■small pieces of something dry that burns easily and which can be used for lighting fires    火种；引火物
We used some dry grass and dead twigs as tinder to light the camp fire.   我们用一些干草和枯枝来引燃营火。
The grass is tinder -dry (= so dry that it will burn easily) , so there's a risk of fire.   草非常干，一点就着，所以有发生火灾的危险。



★☆☆   tinderbox
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a dangerous and uncontrolled situation in which violence is likely to happen 
  （可能发生暴乱的）危险局势
The racial tension in the area makes it a tinderbox ready to ignite.   这个地区的种族紧张局势一触即发。



★☆☆   tin foil 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■shiny metallic material, as thin as paper, which is used especially for wrapping food in order to store it or cook it 
  （尤指用来包裹食物以储存或烹制的）锡箔，锡纸



★☆☆   ting
—————————————————
adverb noun countable 
■(with) a clear high ringing sound    叮当作响地；叮当声
The bell on the hotel receptionist's desk went ting when I pressed it.   我一按下旅馆前台的铃，它就叮当响了起来。



★☆☆   ting-a-ling
—————————————————
 (mainly US ding-a-ling) 
exclamation 
■said, especially by children, to represent the sound of a bell    丁零零（拟铃铛声，尤为儿语）



★☆☆   tinge
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a very slight amount of a colour or of a feeling 
  （颜色或情感的）一丝，少许
His hair is starting to show tinges of grey.   他的头发开始显得有点花白。
I have a tinge of regret that I didn't accept her offer.   没有接受她的好意，我感到一丝遗憾。verb transitive usually passive 
■to contain a slight amount of    使带有一点
Her joy at the birth of her son was tinged with sadness that her father had not lived to see him.   儿子出生带给她的欢乐中夹杂着一丝淡淡悲伤，因为她父亲没有活到看见外孙的降生。



★☆☆   tingle
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
■to have a feeling as if a lot of sharp points are being put quickly and lightly into your body    感到刺痛
My toes and fingers are tingling with the cold.   我的脚趾和手指冻得刺痛。
There's a line in that poem that makes my spine tingle every time I read it.   每当我读起那首诗，里面有一行诗句总是令我感到激动不已。
■When you tingle with an emotion, such as excitement or fear, you feel it very strongly    强烈地感到（激动或恐惧）
She tingled with fear as she entered the dark alleyway.   她走进那黑暗的小巷时，感到一阵阵恐惧。noun countable 
■a feeling as if a lot of sharp points are being put quickly and lightly into your body    感到刺痛
There's a slight tingle in my wrists.   我的手腕感到微微刺痛。
She stroked his head, sending tingles down his spine.   她抚摸着他的头，令他感到无比激动。



★☆☆   tin god
—————————————————
(also little tin god) literary disapproving 
noun countable 
■someone who behaves as if they are more important or powerful than they really are    自以为了不起的人



★☆☆   tin hat
—————————————————
informal 
noun countable 
■a metal hat worn by soldiers to protect their heads    钢盔



★☆☆   tinker
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to make small changes to something, especially in an attempt to repair or improve it    修补；改进；摆弄
He spends every weekend tinkering (about) with his car.   他每个周末都在摆弄他的汽车。
I wish the government would stop tinkering with the health service.   我希望政府不要再在公共医疗卫生服务上折腾了。    Compare fiddleUK noun 
TRAVELLER  旅行者  
countable 
■especially in the past, a person who travelled from place to place, repairing pans or other metal containers 
  （尤指过去游走四方的）补锅匠UK noun 
CHILD  孩子  
countable UK old-fashioned informal 
■a child who behaves badly    小淘气
[as form of address] You tinker, Nicky, you shouldn't have done that.   尼基，你这个小淘气，你不该那么做。
Don't be such a tinker.   别这么淘气。UK noun 
CHANGES  改变  
only singular UK 
■when you make small changes to something 
  （对…作的）修补，改进
I'll just have a tinker with the television and see if I can get it to work.   我就摆弄一下电视，看能不能修好。UK noun 
not give a tinker's cuss UK and Australian English (US not give a tinker's damn) old-fashioned informal 
■to not be interested in or worried about something or someone    毫不在乎
I couldn't give a tinker's damn about what they think.   我根本不在乎他们怎么想。



★☆☆   tinkle
—————————————————
noun 
SOUND  声音  
only singular 
■a light ringing sound    丁零声；叮咚声
In the distance we heard the silvery tinkle of a stream.   我们在远处就听到了小溪清脆的流水声。noun 
TELEPHONE CALL  来电  
give sb a tinkle old-fashioned informal 
■to make a telephone call to someone    给（某人）打电话
I'll give you a tinkle some time next week.   我会在下星期的某个时候给你打电话。noun 
TOILET  厕所  
countable informal or child's word 
■an act of urination    撒尿verb intransitive 
SOUND  声音  
■to make a light ringing sound    发出丁零（或叮咚）声
Some small old-fashioned shops still have a bell which tinkles when you push the door open.   一些老式的小店还装有一种铃，当你推门时它会发出丁零声。verb intransitive 
TOILET  厕所     informal or child's word 
■to urinate    撒尿



★☆☆   tinned
—————————————————
adjective    UK (US canned) 
■Something, especially food, which is tinned is put in a tin in order to preserve it 
  （尤指食品）罐装的
I don't like tinned tomatoes/spaghetti/milk.   我不喜欢罐装的番茄／义大利面条／牛奶。



★☆☆   tinnitus
—————————————————
UK US  specialized 
noun uncountable 
■a condition of the ear in which the person suffering from it hears noises such as ringing    耳鸣



★☆☆   tinny
—————————————————
adjective 
SOUND  声音  
■describes a sound which is of low quality or like metal being hit 
  （声音）像金属碰撞声的，难听的
a tinny piano   走音的钢琴
a tinny recording   难听的录音adjective 
POOR QUALITY  劣质的     informal disapproving 
■If something made of metal is tinny, it is not strong and not of good quality 
  （金属制品）粗制滥造的，劣质的
a cheap tinny toy car   便宜的劣质玩具汽车



★☆☆   tin opener
—————————————————
UK (mainly US can opener) 
noun countable 
■a device for opening closed cylindrical metal containers of food    开罐器，罐头刀



★☆☆   Tin Pan Alley
—————————————————
informal 
noun only singular 
■the people who write, perform and produce popular music, especially in the first half of the 20th century 
  （尤指20世纪上半叶的）流行音乐界



★☆☆   tinplate
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■thin sheets of iron or steel covered with a thin layer of tin    镀锡铁皮；马口铁；镀锡钢板



★☆☆   tinpot
—————————————————
UK US  informal disapproving 
adjective [before noun] 
■not important, or having little value    不重要的；无价值的
a tinpot dictator   无足轻重的独裁者



★☆☆   tinsel
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■long pieces of thin shiny material used as decoration, especially at Christmas 
  （尤指圣诞节期间的）金属箔装饰物，闪光纸装饰物
a Christmas tree decorated with tinsel   缀有闪光纸饰物的圣诞树
■disapproving 
■something, especially the entertainment business or someone's way of living, that seems exciting and attractive, but is really of low quality or value    花俏而低俗之物，浮华之物（尤指娱乐业或某人的生活方式）
The show was all tinsel and glitter.   这展览会华而不实。



★☆☆   tint
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small amount of a colour    淡淡的色泽（或色调）
The paint we're using for the bathroom is white with a yellow tint.   我们刷浴室的涂料是白色的，但有点偏黄。
The evening sky was deep pink, with tints of purple and red in it.   傍晚的天空呈深粉红色，夹杂着淡淡的紫色和红色。
■a small amount of dye , especially used on the hair, or the act of using such a substance    少量染料（尤指染发剂）；染（尤指染发）
She's had blonde tints put in her hair.   她把头发染成淡淡的金黄色。
I'm going to the hairdresser's for a tint.   我打算去美发店染发。verb transitive 
■to slightly change the colour of something    给…轻微染色



★☆☆   tinted
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■(of glass) with colour added 
  （玻璃）有色的
Tinted glasses (= glasses with slightly darkened lenses) are good for driving in bright sunlight.   戴有色眼镜有利于在强光下开车。
The President arrived at the airport in a car with tinted windows (= windows with darkened glass so that people cannot see into the car).   总统乘坐车窗为有色玻璃的轿车到达机场。



★☆☆   tin whistle 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small musical instrument consisting of a thin metal tube which the player blows down. The tube has holes in it, which are covered or left open in order to play different notes.    六孔小笛



★☆☆   tiny
—————————————————
adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  
■extremely small    微小的
a tiny flower   极小的花
a tiny helping of food   份量极少的一客食物
a tiny baby   丁点大的婴儿
a tiny bit late   稍微迟到一点



★☆☆   tip
—————————————————
verb (-pp-)
ONE SIDE HIGHER  一边更高的  
intransitive or transitive 
■to (cause to) move so that one side is higher than another side 
  （使）倾斜；（使）倾覆
The table tipped and all our drinks fell on the floor.   桌子翻了，结果我们的所有饮料都掉在地上。
If you put too many books on one end of the shelf, it'll tip up.   如果你在书架的一头放太多书，书架就会翻掉。
Don't tip your chair back like that, you'll fall.   不要那样向后仰椅子，你会翻倒的。
tip the scales at 
■to weigh    称得的重量为
The baby tipped the scales at 3.75 kgs.   婴儿称得体重为3.75公斤。verb (-pp-)
POUR  倾倒  
transitive usually + adverb or preposition UK 
■to pour a substance from one container into another or onto a surface    倒；倾倒
She tipped the contents of her purse out onto the table.   她把钱包里的东西倒在桌子上。
He tipped his breakfast cereal into a bowl.   他把早餐麦片倒入碗中。
The child picked up the box and tipped the toys out all over the floor.   孩子捡起盒子，把里面的玩具倒了一地。
be tipping (it) down UK informal 
■When it is tipping it down, a lot of rain is falling    大雨倾盘
We won't be able to go to the beach today - it's tipping it down.   我们今天无法去海滩了——雨下得很大。verb (-pp-)
END  稍  
transitive usually passive 
■to cover the end of something pointed with a liquid, a colour, etc. 
  （用液体、颜色等）覆盖…的尖端
The giraffe was killed with a spear that had been tipped with poison.   长颈鹿是被尖上涂有毒药的长矛杀死。verb (-pp-)
PAYMENT  报酬  
intransitive or transitive 
■to give someone who has provided you with a service an extra amount of money to thank them    小费
The taxi driver was so rude to her that she didn't tip him.   计程车司机对她很无礼，所以她没有给他小费。
[+ two objects] They tipped the waiter £5.   他们给了这个服务员五英镑小费。verb (-pp-)
INFORMATION  资讯  
transitive often passive mainly UK 
■to say that someone is likely to be successful or achieve something    称…有可能成功
He is being tipped as the next Prime Minister.   据称，他有可能成为下一任首相。
[+ to infinitive] Davis is being tipped to win the championship.   据称，戴维斯有可能夺得冠军。verb (-pp-)
RUBBISH  垃圾  
intransitive or transitive [usually + adv/prep] UK (US also dump) 
■to get rid of rubbish by putting it in a place where it should not be    胡乱倾倒／倾泻（垃圾）（把垃圾倾倒在不该倒垃圾的地方）
A lot of waste is being tipped into the sea.   大量废弃物正被倾入海中。
The sign by the side of the road said "No tipping".   路边的标牌上写著「不准倾倒垃圾”。verb (-pp-)
tip your hand US 
■If you tip your hand, you say what you are going to do or what you believe    表明意图（或意见）
Despite weeks of media speculation, the president refused to tip his hand about his plans for re-election.   尽管数周来媒体都在猜测，但总统拒绝透露争取连任的计划。verb (-pp-)
tip the scales (also tip the balance) 
■If something tips the scales, it is the thing which causes a particular situation to happen or a particular decision to be made, when other situations or decisions are possible    打破平衡局面；起决定性作用
The teams were evenly matched until two quick goals from Robson tipped the balance in favour of England.   两队本来势均力敌，直到罗布森很快攻入两球，形势开始变得对英格兰队有利。
She was a good candidate, but her lack of computer skills tipped the scales against her.   她本来是个不错的候选人，但她缺乏电脑技能，这对她很不利。verb (-pp-)
tip sb the wink (also tip the wink to sb) UK informal 
■to give someone a piece of secret or private information that might bring an advantage to them    向…泄露秘密（或内幕消息）
Thanks for tipping me the wink about those cheap tickets, Bill.   比尔，谢谢你向我透露这些廉价票的消息。verb (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] tip sb off 
■to warn someone secretly about something that will happen, so that they can take action or prevent it from happening    向（某人）告密；给（某人）通风报信
[+ that] Somebody must have tipped the burglars off that the house would be empty.   一定是有人向盗贼走漏了消息，才会人去屋空。
The robber was caught when someone tipped off the police.   有人向警方报信后，抢劫者即被抓获。verb (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] tip (sth/sb) over 
■to (cause to) fall over onto one side 
  （使）翻倒
Be careful not to tip that cup of coffee over.   小心别把那杯咖啡打翻了。verb (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   tip over into sth 
intransitive 
■If something tips over from something into something else, it stops being the first thing, and becomes the second 
  （由…）转变（为…）
At various points in the play, the action tips over from comedy into farce (= stops being amusing and becomes ridiculous).   这出戏中有好多地方，情节由喜剧变成了闹剧。noun countable 
INFORMATION  资讯  
 IMPROVER  
■a useful piece of information, especially about how to do something or about the likely winner of a race or competition    指点，指导；（关于比赛有望获胜者的）内幕消息
gardening/cooking/sewing tips   关于园艺／烹饪／缝纫的指导
She gave me a useful/helpful/valuable/practical tip about/for growing tomatoes.   她给了我种植西红柿的有用／有益／宝贵／实用的指点。
Our racing correspondent has the following tips for the 3.15 and the 3.45 at Newmarket (= thinks that particular horses will be the winners in those races).   我们的赛马记者对3点15分和3点45分在纽马克特举行的赛事有以下内幕消息。
I've got a hot tip for you (= I can tell you about a particular likely winner of a race or competition, or give you a valuable piece of information).   我能告诉你最新内幕消息。noun countable 
PAYMENT  报酬  
 IMPROVER  
■a small amount of money given to someone who has provided you with a service, in addition to the official payment and for their personal use    小费
a 15% tip   15% 的小费
He gave the porter a tip.   他给搬运工人小费。
We don't need to leave a tip for the waiter, because there's a service charge included in the bill.   我们不必给服务员留小费，因为帐单已经包括了服务费。noun countable 
END  稍  
■the usually pointed end of something, especially something which is long and thin 
  （尤指细长物体的）末梢，末端，尖
We had asparagus tips for dinner.   我们晚饭吃了芦笋尖。
If I stand on the tips of my toes, I can just reach the top shelf.   如果踮起脚尖的话，我刚好能碰到书架顶层。
The Keys are coral islands off the southern tip of Florida.   基斯群岛是佛罗里达半岛南端以外的一群珊瑚岛。
There's paint on the tip of your nose.   你的鼻尖上有油漆。
■a small part fitted to the end of something, especially something which is long and thin 
  （尤指细长物体的）顶端附加物
a walking cane with a metal tip   包有金属头的手杖
the filter tip of a cigarette   香烟过滤嘴noun countable 
RUBBISH  垃圾     UK (mainly US dump) 
■a place where especially large pieces of rubbish can be taken and left    垃圾倾倒场
a rubbish/waste tip   垃圾／废弃物堆放场
We need to take this old carpet to the tip.   我们得把这条旧地毯扔到垃圾场去。
UK informal This room is a complete/absolute/real tip (= is very untidy) - tidy it up at once.   这个房间完全／绝对／简直是个垃圾场——马上把它清理干净。noun countable 
be on the tip of your tongue 
■If something that you want to say is on the tip of your tongue, you think you know it and that you will be able to remember it very soon 
  （想说的话）就在嘴边（很快就会记起来）
Her name is on the tip of my tongue.   她的名字就在我的嘴边，却一时说不出来。noun countable 
tip of the iceberg 
■a small noticeable part of a problem, the total size of which is really much greater 
  （重大问题的）冰山一角，端倪，明显的一小部分
These small local protests are just the tip of the iceberg.   这些小规模的地方性抗议只是冰山一角。



★☆☆   tip-off
—————————————————
UK US  informal 
noun countable usually singular 
■a secret warning or piece of secret information    告密；通风报信；密报
Acting on a tip-off, the police arrested the drug dealers.   警方根据密报采取行动，逮捕了毒品贩子。
Following a tip-off from a friend, we sold all our shares in the company.   根据一位元朋友透露的消息，我们出售了手中该公司的所有股份。



★☆☆   tipper
—————————————————
UK noun 
good/bad tipper 
■a customer who leaves a large/small extra amount of money for the person who has provided them with a service    给小费的人（某一顾客，向为自己提供服务的人留下一定数量的余钱）
Waiters say that they can always tell if a customer is going to be a good tipper or not.   侍者说他们总是可以一眼看出某个顾客是否会大方地给小费。



★☆☆   tipper truck/lorry
—————————————————
UK US UK 
noun countable 
■a dumper truck 



★☆☆   Tipp-Ex
—————————————————
 UK trademark (US trademark Wite-Out) 
noun uncountable 
■a white liquid used for painting over mistakes in a piece of writing    “迪美斯”牌修正液，涂改液



★☆☆   tipping point 
—————————————————
noun [S or U] 
■the time at which a change or an effect cannot be stopped    临界点（某一变化或影响不能停止的时间）
The Earth has already passed the tipping point in terms of global warming.   就全球暖化而言，地球已经超出了临界点（暗示全球暖化已经无法避免了）。



★☆☆   tipple
—————————————————
 informal 
noun countable 
■an alcoholic drink    酒精饮料
What's your tipple (= What alcoholic drink do you usually drink) ?   你喝甚么酒？



★☆☆   tippler
—————————————————
UK UK US UK informal 
noun countable 
■someone who often drinks alcohol    嗜酒者，酒徒



★☆☆   tipster
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who gives information to people, usually in exchange for money, especially about the likely winner of a race or competition, or who gives information to an official organization especially about someone who has done something wrong 
  （尤指兜售比赛可能获胜者资讯的）情报贩子；（尤指向政府机构告发犯罪者的）举报者，告密者
All the tipsters were wrong about the gold medal winner.   所有情报贩子都弄错了金牌得主。
An anonymous tipster has leaked confidential government information to the press.   一个匿名情报贩子向媒体泄漏了政府机密。



★☆☆   tipsy
—————————————————
 informal 
adjective 
■slightly drunk    微醉的
Auntie Pat is getting a little tipsy again.   派特阿姨又有点醉了。



★☆☆   tiptoe
—————————————————
UK noun 
on tiptoe(s) 
■on your toes with the heel of your foot lifted off the ground    踮着脚尖
The children stood on tiptoe in order to pick the apples from the tree.   孩子们踮着脚尖从树上摘苹果。
They walked across the room on tiptoe so as not to waken the baby.   他们蹑手蹑脚地穿过房间，生怕惊醒婴儿。UK verb intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to walk on your toes with the heel of your foot lifted off the ground, especially in order not to make a noise    用脚尖走；踮着脚走（脚后跟离开地面，用脚尖行走，尤其是为了避免发出噪音）
He waited until his daughter was asleep, then tiptoed quietly out of the room.   他等女儿睡着后才蹑手蹑脚地悄悄走出房间。UK verb intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
  Phrasal Verbs   tiptoe round/around sth/sb informal 
■to avoid dealing with a difficult subject, problem or person    回避（难应付的话题、问题或人）
Guy keeps tiptoeing round the problem, instead of confronting it.   盖伊一直在回避，而不是正视这个问题。




★☆☆   tip-top
—————————————————
UK US  informal 
adjective 
■excellent; perfect    非常优秀的，顶呱呱的，完美的
I try and keep in tip-top shape by exercising every day.   我每天锻炼，想保持住一流的身材。
Even though our house is in tip-top condition , we're having problems selling it.   虽然我们的房子状况很好，但现在把它卖出去还是有困难。
The hotel we stayed in was absolutely tip-top.   我们住的饭店绝对一流。



★☆☆   tirade
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a long angry speech expressing strong disapproval    长篇抨击性演说
She launched into an angry/furious tirade about how she had been unfairly treated.   她就自己遭受的不公正对待，进行了长时间的愤怒控诉。
In a furious tirade of abuse, the opposition spokesperson demanded the minister's resignation.   在措词激烈的长篇指责中，反对党发言人要求这位部长辞职。



★☆☆   tiramisu
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■a sweet cold Italian dish, consisting of soft cheese, cake, alcohol, and coffee    提拉米苏（一种义大利冷甜点，由软干酪、蛋糕、酒和咖啡制成）



★☆☆   tire 
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive UK  ADVANCED  
■to begin to feel as if you have no energy and want to rest or go to sleep, or to make someone feel this way 
  （使）感到疲劳；（使）感到累
She's been leading throughout the race, but it now looks as if she's tiring.   她在整个赛跑中一路领先，但现在看上去似乎累了。
Even doing the garden tires me these days.   最近，我连在花园里整理花草都会感到累。verb intransitive or transitive UK   Phrasal Verbs   tire of sth/sb  ADVANCED  
■to become bored with someone or something, or to stop enjoying an activity    对…感到厌倦（或厌烦）
This is the kind of toy that children will soon tire of.   这种玩具小孩会很快玩腻的。
He never tires of (= He enjoys) playing games on his computer.   电脑游戏他百玩不厌。verb intransitive or transitive UK   Phrasal Verbs   tire of sth 
■to be annoyed by something    对…感到厌烦verb intransitive or transitive UK   Phrasal Verbs   tire sb out 
■to make someone very tired    使（某人）筋疲力尽
Let the kids run around in the garden and that'll soon tire them out.   让孩子在院子里跑跑吧，他们很快就会筋疲力尽的。    tired out
adjective [after verb]
■very much in need of rest or sleep    筋疲力尽的
We were all really tired out after our long journey.   长途旅行后我们都感到疲惫不堪。noun countable UK US    US for 
■tyre 



★☆☆   tired
—————————————————
UK adjective 
NEEDING REST  需要休息的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■in need of rest or sleep    疲劳的，疲倦的，累的
I was so tired when I got home from work last night that I had a quick nap.   我昨晚下班回家后很累，就小睡了一会儿。
My legs are tired.   我的腿酸了。
She spoke in a tired voice.   她说话有气无力的。UK adjective 
NOT INTERESTING  乏味的     disapproving 
■describes people, ideas or subjects that are not interesting because they are very familiar 
  （人、想法或话题）老套乏味的，令人生厌的
It's always the same tired old faces at these meetings.   在这些会上总是些不变的令人生厌的老面孔。
be tired of sth/sb 
■to be bored with an activity or person    对…感到厌倦
I'm so tired of doing the same job, day after day.   我厌倦了日复一日地做同样的工作。
Don't you get tired of quarrelling all the time?   老吵架你们不觉得累吗？
I'm sick and tired of you telling me what to do all the time.   我很烦你老是对我该做甚么指手画脚。UK adjective 
tired and emotional UK humorous or polite phrase for 
■drunk    喝醉了的



★☆☆   tireless
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■working energetically and continuously    不知疲倦的，不觉疲劳的
Tony is a tireless worker.   托尼工作起来不知疲倦。
The prisoner's family is conducting a tireless campaign for his release.   这个囚犯的家人为了他能获释，正在不懈地进行活动。
The police have been tireless in their search for the child's killer.   警方一直不懈地搜寻杀害这个孩子的凶手。



★☆☆   tiresome
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■boring or annoying; making you lose patience    令人厌倦的；使人不耐烦的
I find it very tiresome doing the same job day after day.   我觉得日复一日地做同样的工作令人非常厌烦。
He has the tiresome habit of finishing your sentences for you.   他喜欢接别人还没说完的话，这个习惯很叫人讨厌。



★☆☆   tiring
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■making you feel tired    令人疲倦的，累人的
I've had a very tiring day.   我这一天过得很累。
Looking after the kids is extremely tiring.   照顾小孩非常累人。



★☆☆   tisane
—————————————————
 (also herbal tea) 
noun countable or uncountable 
■(a) drink made by pouring boiling water onto particular types of dried or fresh flowers or leaves    花草茶；药茶



★☆☆   tissue
—————————————————
noun 
CELLS  细胞  
 ADVANCED  uncountable 
■a group of connected cells in an animal or plant that are similar to each other, have the same purpose and form the stated part of the animal or plant    组织
human tissue   人体组织
plant tissue   植物组织
brain/lung/muscle/fat tissue   脑／肺／肌肉／脂肪组织
His face is covered with scar tissue where he was badly burned.   他脸上严重烧伤的地方满是疤痕。noun 
PAPER  纸  
countable or uncountable 
■soft paper which is used for cleaning, especially your nose, and is thrown away after use, or a small rectangular piece of this 
  （尤指擦鼻子用的）纸巾，手巾纸，面纸
She handed me a tissue just as I sneezed.   我打喷嚏时，她递给我一张面纸。
I always keep a box of tissues in the car.   我总是在车里放一盒面纸。
He used a piece of tissue to clean his sunglasses.   他用一张面纸擦太阳镜。    Compare handkerchief 
uncountable (also tissue paper) 
■thin light paper used especially for wrapping delicate things 
  （尤用于包裹易碎物品的）薄纸
The shop assistant wrapped the vase carefully in tissue paper.   店员用薄纸将花瓶仔细地包好。



★☆☆   tissue culture 
—————————————————
noun specialized 
uncountable 
■the scientific process of growing tissue (= cells) outside an organism in a laboratory, in a substance containing the necessary nutrients    组织培养（在实验室中于某一有机体外培养组织细胞的科学过程，是在含必需营养素的某种物质中进行的）
countable 
■a particular quantity of tissue grown in this way    （以这种方式培养的）特定量的组织



