★☆☆   punch ball
—————————————————
UK (US punching bag) 
noun countable 
■a leather bag filled with air hung from a frame or fixed to a stand, used by boxers for training or exercise 
  （悬挂在空中供练习拳击用的）吊袋，拳击梨球



★☆☆   punch bowl 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a large bowl in which punch (= a drink) is served    潘趣酒碗



★☆☆   punch-drunk
—————————————————
adjective 
INJURED  受伤的  
■describes a boxer who behaves in a way that suggests his brain has been damaged as a result of being hit repeatedly on the head 
  （拳击手因头部连续遭重击而）头昏眼花的adjective 
TIRED  疲惫的  
■tired and confused, especially after dealing with a difficult situation 
  （尤指经历困境后）精神恍惚的，糊涂的



★☆☆   punch line
—————————————————
(also punchline) 
noun countable 
■the last part of a story or a joke which explains the meaning of what has happened previously or makes it funny 
  （故事或笑话的最后部分点题或抛出笑料等的）妙语，画龙点睛的结尾句



★☆☆   punch-up
—————————————————
 mainly UK informal 
noun countable 
■a fight    打架，争吵
There was a punch-up in the bar.   酒吧里有人在争吵。



★☆☆   punchy
—————————————————
adjective 
■expressing something effectively and with power    富有感染力的
a short punchy presentation/speech   富有感染力的简短报告／演讲
The article is written in his usual punchy style.   这篇文章延续了他一贯富有感染力的风格。



★☆☆   punctilious
—————————————————
 formal 
adjective 
■very careful to behave correctly or to give attention to details    一丝不苟的；循规蹈矩的
He was always punctilious in his manners.   他的举止总是循规蹈矩。



★☆☆   punctual
—————————————————
adjective 
■arriving, doing something or happening at the expected, correct time; not late    准时的，守时的
a punctual start to the meeting   准时开会
He's fairly punctual (= He usually arrives on time).   他是一个非常准时的人。



★☆☆   punctuate
—————————————————
UK verb transitive    slightly formal 
■to happen or cause something to happen repeatedly while something else is happening; to interrupt something repeatedly    不断打断
The President spoke at length in a speech punctuated by applause.   总统的长篇大论不时被掌声打断。
He chatted freely, punctuating his remarks as often as possible with the interviewer's first name.   他自在地闲聊着，在谈论中不时直呼采访者的名字。UK verb transitive 
■to add punctuation marks to written words so that people can see when a sentence starts and finishes, or that something is a question, etc.    给…加标点符号



★☆☆   punctuation
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■(the use of) special marks that you add to writing to separate phrases and sentences, to show that something is a question, etc    标点符号；标点符号用法
His letter was completely without punctuation.   他的信里一个标点符号也没有。



★☆☆   punctuation mark 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a symbol used in punctuation    标点符号
Full stops/Periods, commas, semicolons, question marks and brackets are all different types of punctuation mark.   句号、逗号、分号、问号和括号都是不同类型的标点符号。



★☆☆   puncture
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a small hole made by a sharp object, especially in a tyre 
  （尤指轮胎上被尖物刺出的）小孔
My bike has had two punctures in the last three weeks.   在过去的三周里我的脚踏车被扎了两个小洞。
I (= My car tyre) had a puncture when I was driving back from Keele.   我从基尔开车回来时轮胎被扎了个洞。
She had a puncture wound in her arm, from a wasp sting.   她的手臂被黄蜂蜇伤了。UK verb 
intransitive or transitive 
■to make a small hole in something, or to get a small hole in something 
  （被）刺穿，（被）戳破
She had used a screwdriver to puncture two holes in the lid of a paint tin.   她用螺丝起子在颜料罐的盖子上戳了两个洞。
The knife went through his ribs and punctured his lung.   刀子穿过他的肋骨刺穿了他的肺。
transitive 
■to suddenly make someone less confident or positive    使突然泄气；挫伤（锐气）
My positive mood was rather punctured by the news.   这个消息使我的好心情大大受挫。



★☆☆   pundit
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person who knows a lot about a particular subject and is therefore often asked to give an opinion about it 
  （某方面的）专家，权威
a political/foreign-policy/sports pundit   政治／外交政策／体育权威



★☆☆   pungent
—————————————————
adjective 
■describes a very strong smell or taste, sometimes one that is unpleasantly strong 
  （气味）刺鼻的；（味道）强烈的
the pungent whiff of a goat   山羊发出的刺鼻膻味
I sat down to a cup of wonderfully pungent Turkish coffee.   我坐下来喝了一杯味道浓醇的土耳其咖啡。
■literary 
■describes speech or writing that is very strongly felt 
  （话语或文章）尖刻的，尖锐的
pungent criticism/commentary   尖刻的批评／评论



★☆☆   punish
—————————————————
verb transitive 
CRIME  犯罪  
 IMPROVER  
■to cause someone who has done something wrong or committed a crime to suffer, by hurting them, forcing them to pay money, sending them to prison, etc    惩罚
Those responsible for these crimes must be brought to court and punished.   那些该为罪行负责的人必须被送上法庭接受惩罚。
He punished the class by giving them extra work.   他给这班学生多派了些作业作为对他们的惩罚。
The oil company was found guilty on ten counts of pollution, and was punished with a $250 million fine.   这家石油公司被判犯了十项污染环境的罪状，被罚款2.5亿美元。
⇨ See also punitive
■to punish anyone who commits a particular crime    惩处（犯罪行为）
Drunken driving can be punished with a prison sentence.   酒后驾车可被处以监禁。verb transitive 
TREAT BADLY  很差地对待  
■to use or treat badly, violently or without care    粗暴对待，伤害
He really punishes that horse of his.   他狠狠地教训他的马。



★☆☆   punishable
—————————————————
adjective 
■describes a crime that you can be punished for    可依法惩处的，应给予惩罚的
a punishable offence   应予惩罚的罪行
Drug dealing is punishable by death in some countries.   贩毒在有些国家可被处以死刑。



★☆☆   punishing
—————————————————
adjective 
■very difficult and making you feel tired    繁重的，使人疲惫不堪的，累人的
Currently she has a punishing schedule of five presentations a day.   目前她的行程很紧密，一天要演出五场。noun informal 
take a punishing 
■to be damaged because of rough treatment    被破坏，受到损耗
My tyres took quite a punishing on the rough terrain.   我的轮胎在崎岖的地面上磨损得很厉害。



★☆☆   punishment
—————————————————
noun 
CRIME  罪行  
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable 
■when someone is punished    惩罚，处罚；受罚
Many people think that the death penalty is too severe a punishment for any crime.   许多人认为对于无论何种罪行来说，死刑都过于严厉了。
formal It was always our father who administered/meted out punishments.   予以／给予惩罚的人一直是我们的父亲。
Drink-driving is one case where severe punishment seems to work as a deterrent.   酒后驾车是证明严惩似乎能起威慑作用的一个例子。noun 
BAD TREATMENT  破坏  
uncountable 
■rough treatment    粗暴的对待，糟蹋，折磨
These trucks are designed to take a lot of punishment.   这些卡车设计得很耐磨。



★☆☆   punitive
—————————————————
UK adjective    formal 
■intended as a punishment    惩罚性的
punitive action   惩罚措施
The UN has imposed punitive sanctions on the invading country.   联合国对侵略国实施了惩罚性制裁。
legal She is suing the newspaper for $5 million punitive damages claiming they knew the article about her was untrue.   她声称这家报纸知道有关她的那篇文章不属实，起诉该报社，要求其支付500万美元的惩罚性损害赔偿。
■used to describe costs which are so high they are difficult to pay, and which are often used to punish someone or limit their activities 
  （费用）过高的，苛刻的，严厉的
The President has threatened to impose punitive import duties/tariffs on a range of foreign goods.   总统已威胁说要对一批外国货物征收高额进口税。



★☆☆   punk
—————————————————
noun 
CULTURE  文化  
uncountable 
■a culture popular among young people, especially in the late 1970s, involving opposition to authority expressed through shocking behaviour, clothes and hair, and through fast loud music    庞克（尤指20世纪70年代末服装、发型怪异，透过骇人的举止和吵闹的快节奏音乐对抗权威的年轻人的文化）
countable (also punk rocker) 
■a person who wears punk clothes and likes punk music    追随庞克风格者；庞克摇滚乐迷noun 
CRIMINAL  罪犯  
countable mainly US slang 
■a young man who fights and is involved in criminal activities    小流氓
Listen to me, you little punk - you do that again and I'm gonna break your neck.   听好了，你这个小流氓，你再那么做我就把你的脖子扭断。adjective [before noun] 
■of or relating to punk or punk rockers    庞克乐的，庞克摇滚乐爱好者的
a punk band   庞克乐团
a punk hairstyle   庞克发型



★☆☆   punk rock 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a type of fast, loud, often offensive music that was originally popular among young people in the late 1970s    庞克摇滚乐（最初流行于20世纪70年代末年轻人中的一种吵闹的快节奏摇滚乐）



★☆☆   punnet
—————————————————
 UK 
noun countable 
■a small square or rectangular box in which particular types of fruit are sold 
  （盛放所售水果的）小篓
a punnet of strawberries/raspberries   一小篓草莓／木莓



★☆☆   punster
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who makes puns (= type of joke)    好用双关语的人



★☆☆   punt
—————————————————
noun countable 
MONEY  金钱     (also Irish pound) 
■the standard unit of money used in Ireland before they started using the euro    爱尔兰镑（爱尔兰使用欧元前所采用的货币单位）noun countable 
BOAT  船  
■a long narrow boat with a flat bottom and a square area at each end, which is moved by a person standing on one of the square areas and pushing a long pole against the bottom of the river 
  （用篙撑的）方头平底船noun countable 
KICK  踢  
■a way of kicking the ball in rugby or American football, by dropping it from your hands and kicking it before it hits the ground, or a powerful kick in football which causes the ball to go a long way    踢悬空球；踢远球verb 
KICK  踢  
transitive 
■(in rugby or American football) to kick the ball after you have dropped it from your hands and before it touches the ground, or (in football) to kick the ball powerfully so that it goes a long way 
  （在英式橄榄球或美式橄榄球中）踢（悬空球）；（足球中）将（球）踢得很远
transitive US informal 
■If you punt something, you decide not to do or include it    省去；不做
We were running out of time, so we decided to punt the sightseeing and just go shopping.   我们时间不多了，所以决定不去观光只去购物。verb 
BOAT  船  
intransitive or transitive 
■to travel in a punt    乘平底船
We punted up the river.   我们乘平底船沿河逆流而上。
It's a lovely afternoon - let's go punting.   今天下午天气真好，我们去撑船吧。



★☆☆   punter
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
GAMBLER  赌博者     UK specialized 
■a person who makes a risks money guessing the result of something    赌博者
Bookmakers are offering punters odds of 6-1 on the horse Red Devil winning the race.   对那匹叫“红色魔鬼”的马，赌马业者给下注人提出的获胜赔率是6比1。UK noun countable 
CUSTOMER  消费者     UK informal 
■a customer; a user of services or buyer of goods    顾客；主顾；客户
Many hotels are offering discounts in an attempt to attract punters/pull in the punters.   许多旅馆在进行打折以吸引顾客。
■UK informal 
■a person who uses the services of a prostitute    嫖客UK noun countable 
BOAT  船只  
■a person who travels in a punt    乘方头平底船的人



★☆☆   puny
—————————————————
adjective 
■small; weak; not effective    小的；弱的；微不足道的；无效的
a puny little man   瘦小的男人
My car only has a puny little engine.   我的车只有一个马力很小的引擎。
The party's share of the vote rose from a puny 11% in the last election to 21% this time.   该党的得票率从上次选举中可怜的11%上升到这次的21%。



★☆☆   pup
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the young of particular animals, or a puppy    幼小动物；小狗
a seal pup   小海豹
an otter pup   小水獭



★☆☆   pupa
—————————————————
 (plural pupas or pupae)
noun countable 
■an insect in the stage of development which happens before it is completely developed, during which it is contained in a cocoon (= a protective covering) and does not move    蛹
a moth pupa   蛾蛹
mosquito pupae   蚊蛹
⇨ See also chrysalis



★☆☆   pupil
—————————————————
noun countable 
STUDENT  学生  
 ESSENTIAL  
■a person, especially a child at school, who is being taught    学生，（尤指）小学生
a second-year pupil   小学二年级学生
a primary-school pupil   小学生
The school has over 400 pupils.   这所学校有400多名小学生。
There is a very relaxed atmosphere between staff and pupils at the school.   这所学校师生之间的气氛很轻松。
Her school report described her as a very promising pupil.   她在成绩单中被描述成一个非常有前途的学生。
■someone who is being taught a skill, especially such as painting or music, by an expert    学徒；弟子；门徒
The painting is believed to be by a pupil of Titian.   这幅画被认为是提香的一位门徒所作。noun countable 
EYE  眼睛  
■the circular black area in the centre of your eye, through which light enters    瞳孔
Pupils contract in bright light, and dilate in darkness.   瞳孔在明亮的光线下会收缩，在黑暗中会扩大。



★☆☆   puppet
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a toy in the shape of a person or animal that you can move with strings or by putting your hand inside    木偶
We took the children to a puppet show/theatre.   我们带孩子去看了木偶剧。
■disapproving 
■a person or group whose actions are controlled by someone else    傀儡
Western powers have been accused of trying to establish a puppet government/regime in the divided country.   西方列强被指责企图在这个分裂国家建立傀儡政府。



★☆☆   puppeteer
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who entertains with puppets    演木偶戏的人，操纵木偶的人



★☆☆   puppy
—————————————————
 (also pup) 
noun countable 
■a young dog    小狗，幼犬
Our dog has just had four puppies.   我们的狗刚刚生了四只小狗。
a dalmatian puppy   大麦町犬



★☆☆   puppy fat
—————————————————
UK (US baby fat) 
noun uncountable 
■fat which a child sometimes has, and which disappears as the child grows older    儿童时期的肥胖（长大后即消失）
He's a little overweight but it's just puppy fat.   他有点超重，不过这只是一时的幼年肥胖。



★☆☆   puppy love 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■romantic love which a young person feels for someone else, and which usually disappears as the young person becomes older    青少年的初恋，不成熟的恋爱



★☆☆   purchase
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
verb transitive 
 IMPROVER  
■to buy    购买
Tickets must be purchased two weeks in advance.   门票必须提前两周购买。
Except under clearly defined circumstances, it is illegal in Britain for a company to purchase its own shares.   在英国，除非是在明确规定的情况下，否则一间公司购买自己的股票是违法的。
She purchased her first house with the money.   她用这笔钱买了她的第一栋房子。UK US  formal 
noun 
BUYING  购买  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■something that you buy    购买物
How do you wish to pay for your purchases?   你想用甚么方式付款？
a major purchase   大额采购
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable 
■the act of buying something    购买，采购
New restrictions have been placed on the purchase of guns.   枪枝的购买有了新的限制。
A house is the most expensive purchase that most people ever make.   大多数人购买的东西中最昂贵的就是房子。
No purchase is necessary for you to enter this competition.   你参加这项竞赛没必要买甚么东西。
This product may be frozen. If required, freeze on day of purchase.   本产品可冷冻。如有必要，请在购买当天冷冻。UK US  formal 
noun 
HOLD  抓握  
[S or U] 
■a firm hold which allows someone or something to be pulled or lifted without sliding or falling    紧握；抓住
Dancers use a special powder on their shoes to help them get a better purchase on the floor.   舞者用一种特制的鞋粉来增加鞋子与地面的摩擦力。



★☆☆   purchaser
—————————————————
UK US formal 
noun countable 
■the person who buys something    购买者，买主
We haven't been able to find a purchaser for our house yet.   我们还没能帮我们的房子找到买主。



★☆☆   purchasing power 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■A person's purchasing power is their ability to buy goods    购买力
The purchasing power of people living on investment income has fallen as interest rates have gone down.   随着利率的下降，靠投资收入为生的人们的购买力也下降了。
■the value of money considered as the amount of goods it will buy    货币的购买力
The purchasing power of the average hourly wage has risen in the last five years.   在过去五年内，每小时的平均工资的购买力上升了。



★☆☆   purdah
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■(the condition of following) the custom, found in some Muslim and Hindu cultures, of women not allowing their faces to be seen by men they are not related to, either by staying in a special part of the house or by wearing a covering over their faces 
  （伊斯兰教和印度教妇女躲在帷幔或面纱后不让外人看到的）深闺制度；置身深闺
The women in the village live in (strict) purdah.   这个村庄的妇女都（严格地）身居深闺。
In this region women seldom venture out of purdah.   在这一地区，很少有妇女敢于走出深闺。
■the state of not seeing or speaking to anyone    不与人交往的
Jeff has gone into purdah while he's preparing for his exams.   杰夫在准备考试期间不与任何人来往。



★☆☆   pure
—————————————————
UK adjective 
NOT MIXED  非混合的  
 IMPROVER  
■not mixed with anything else    纯的，不掺杂的
a pure cotton shirt   纯棉衬衫
pure orange juice   纯柳橙汁
pure English honey   纯英格兰蜂蜜
a pure Arab horse   纯种阿拉伯马
 ADVANCED  
■describes a colour which is not mixed with any other colour    纯色的
a swan's pure white plumage   天鹅的纯白色羽毛
 ADVANCED  
■describes a sound which is clear and perfect 
  （声音）纯净的
the pure vocal tones of the choirboy   唱诗班男童纯净的嗓音
 ADVANCED  
■clean and free from harmful substances    洁净的，纯净的，无有害物质的
The mountain air was wonderfully pure.   山上的空气极为纯净。
Tap water is never chemically pure.   自来水绝对不是化学上的纯水。    Opposite impureUK adjective 
COMPLETE  完全的  
 ADVANCED  [before noun] 
■complete; only    完全的，纯粹的，十足的
It was pure coincidence/chance that we met.   我们见面纯属巧合。
This last month has been pure hell.   对我们来说，上个月是十足的地狱。
Her face had a look of pure delight.   她满脸的愉悦。
The minister dismissed the newspaper reports as pure speculation.   部长称这篇新闻报道纯属臆测而不予理睬。
[before noun] 
■describes an area of study that is studied only for the purpose of developing theories about it, not for the purpose of using those theories in a practical way    纯理论的；抽象的
pure mathematics   理论数学；纯数学
pure economics   理论经济学
pure and simple 
■used after a noun to mean 'and nothing else' 
  （用于名词后）完全是，不折不扣，不过是
He is motivated by greed, pure and simple.   他完全是被贪婪所驱使。UK adjective 
MORALLY GOOD  道德高尚的  
■behaving in a way that is morally completely good, or not having sex    纯洁的；无邪的；清白的；贞洁的
I'm trying to think only pure thoughts.   我正试图保持思想纯洁，没有邪念。
He invited me up to his flat for coffee, but I didn't think that his motives were entirely pure.   他邀请我去他的公寓喝咖啡，但我认为他动机不单纯。
In many cultures, it is considered important for a woman to keep herself pure (= not to have sex) until she marries.   许多文化很注重女性在婚前要保持贞洁。    Opposite impureUK adjective 
be as pure as the driven snow 
■to be morally completely good 
  （道德）纯洁无瑕
How dare he criticize me for having an affair? He's not exactly as pure as the driven snow himself.   他怎么敢指责我有外遇？他自己也不是纯洁无瑕的。



★☆☆   purebred
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■(of an animal or type of animal) with parents which are both of the same breed 
  （动物）纯种的
purebred cattle   纯种牛
a purebred stallion   纯种公马
⇨ See also thoroughbred



★☆☆   purely
—————————————————
UK adverb 
 ADVANCED  
■only    仅仅，纯粹地
On a purely practical level, it is difficult to see how such proposals would work.   从纯粹实际的角度来看很难看出这些计划的可行性。
We made this decision purely for financial reasons.   我们作出这个决定纯粹是出于财务原因。
purely and simply 
■for only one reason or purpose    纯粹地，不折不扣地
They decided to close the museum purely and simply because it cost too much to run.   他们决定关闭博物馆纯粹是因为管理的费用太高。



★☆☆   purgative
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a substance which makes you pass the contents of your bowels out of your body    泻药
⇨ See also laxative



★☆☆   Purgatory
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the place to which Roman Catholics believe that the spirits of dead people go and suffer for the evil acts that they did while they were alive, before they are able to go to heaven 
  （天主教教义中的）炼狱，涤罪所



★☆☆   purgatory
—————————————————
UK US  humorous 
noun uncountable 
■an extremely unpleasant experience which causes suffering    痛苦的经历
I've been on a diet for two weeks now, and it's purgatory!   我已经节食两周了，真是太痛苦了！



★☆☆   purge
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
REMOVE PEOPLE  清除某人  
■to get rid of people from an organization because you do not agree with them    清除，肃清（反对者）
Party leaders have undertaken to purge the party of extremists.   政党领袖已采取行动清除党内的极端分子。
Hard-liners are expected to be purged from the administration.   主张强硬路线的人预测将从政府中清除出去。UK verb transitive 
REMOVE EVIL  清除罪恶  
■to make someone or something free of something evil or harmful    使涤罪；使洁净
[R] Roman Catholics go to confession to purge their souls/themselves (from/of sin).   罗马天主教徒参加忏悔以净化灵魂／涤罪。
The new state governor has promised to purge the police force of corruption.   新州长已保证要清除警界的腐败现象。UK noun countable 
■the act of getting rid of people from an organization because you do not agree with them    清除（从一个组织中清除持不同意见者的行动）
Between 1934 and 1938, Stalin mounted a massive purge of the Communist Party, the government and the armed forces in the Soviet Union.   1934至1938年间，史达林对苏联的共产党、政府和军队实施大动作清党。



★☆☆   purification
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
NOT MIXED  纯净  
■the act of removing harmful substances from something    净化，精炼
a water purification plant   净水厂
an air purification system   空气净化系统UK noun uncountable 
MORALLY GOOD  道德高尚  
■in some religions, the act of removing from a person, usually by a ceremony, the bad effects that they are suffering because they have broken a religious or moral law 
  （某些宗教中的）涤罪，洗罪



★☆☆   purifier
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a machine or a substance which removes harmful substances from something    净化器；净化剂
a water purifier   净水器
an air purifier   空气净化器
In traditional medicine, certain herbs are used as blood purifiers.   在传统医学中，某些草药被用来净化血液。



★☆☆   purify
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
NOT MIXED  净化  
■to remove bad substances from something to make it pure    使纯净，净化
Plants help to purify the air.   植物有助于净化空气。
One of the functions of the kidneys is to purify the blood.   肾脏的功能之一是净化血液。
water-purifying tablets   净水药片UK verb transitive 
MORALLY GOOD  道德高尚  
■to remove immoral thoughts or acts from something    净化自己的思想或行为
One of the main teachings of Buddhism is that you should try to purify your mind.   佛教的主要教义之一是人应该努力净化自己的思想。



★☆☆   purist
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who believes in and follows very traditional rules or ideas in a subject    正统主义者；力求纯正者；纯粹主义者
Although purists may object to split infinitives, like 'to boldly go', the fact is, they are commonly used.   尽管讲究语言规范的人会反对分离不定词，比如 to boldly go，但事实是这种用法很普遍。
Purists eat smoked salmon with nothing more than lemon and black pepper.   讲究口味纯正的人吃熏鲑鱼时除了柠檬和黑胡椒甚么也不加。



★☆☆   Puritan
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a member of an English religious group in the 16th and 17th centuries which wanted to make church ceremonies simpler, and who believed that self-control and hard work were important and that pleasure was wrong or unnecessary    清教徒（16和17世纪英格兰一个教派的成员，主张简化宗教礼仪，提倡自制和勤奋，认为享乐是错误或没有必要的）
During the seventeenth century, the Puritans destroyed many decorations in English churches.   17世纪，清教徒破坏了英格兰教堂中的许多装饰。



★☆☆   puritan
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who believes that self-control and hard work are important and that pleasure is wrong or unnecessary    清教徒式的人；禁欲者；生活严谨的人
Despite his apparent liberal views, he's really something of a puritan/he has a puritan streak.   尽管他表面上持自由派观点，但实际上他有点像个清教徒。



★☆☆   puritanical
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■believing or involving the belief that self-control and hard work are important and that pleasure is wrong or unnecessary    清教主义的；宗教（或道德）上非常拘谨的
She is very puritanical about sex.   她在性方面非常拘谨。
He rebelled against his puritanical upbringing.   他强烈反抗他所受的清教式管教。



★☆☆   puritanism
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the belief that self-control and hard work are important and that pleasure is wrong or unnecessary    极端拘谨的道德观
Puritanism 
■the beliefs and behaviour of a Puritan    清教徒的教义和行为；清教主义



★☆☆   purity
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
NOT MIXED  纯净  
 ADVANCED  
■the state of not being mixed with anything else    纯净；纯粹
the atrocities carried out in the name of ethnic/racial purity   以种族纯化的名义所实施的暴行
 ADVANCED  
■when a sound is clear and perfect 
  （声音的）纯净，清晰，纯正
the purity of her voice   她嗓音的纯正
 ADVANCED  
■when something is clean or free from harmful substances    洁净，纯净；不含有害物质
air/water purity   空气／水的纯净UK noun uncountable 
MORALLY GOOD  道德高尚  
■moral goodness or the state of not having sex    纯洁，清白；贞洁
the purity and innocence of children   孩子们的天真无邪
For Christians, the Virgin Mary is a symbol of purity.   对基督徒来说，圣母玛莉亚是贞洁的象征。



★☆☆   purl
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a type of stitch which you make when you knit by putting the needle into the front of the first stitch on the other needle 
  （编织中的）反针，倒针UK verb intransitive or transitive 
■to knit a purl stitch    用反针编织
Knit one, purl one.   织一针平针，再织一针反针。



★☆☆   purloin
—————————————————
UK US formal or humorous 
verb transitive 
■to steal something    偷
I was using a pen that I'd purloined from the office.   我在用的钢笔是我从办公室顺手牵羊拿来的。



★☆☆   purple
—————————————————
UK adjective 
COLOUR  颜色  
 ADVANCED  
■of a dark reddish blue colour    紫色的，紫红色的
purple plums   紫色的李子
a dark purple bruise   一块青肿
purple in the face/purple with rage 
■dark red in the face because of anger    气得脸色发青UK adjective 
STYLE  风格     UK 
■describes a piece of writing which is complicated or sounds false because the writer has tried too hard to make the style interesting 
  （作品）词藻华丽的，华而不实的
Despite occasional patches of purple prose , the book is mostly clear and incisive.   这本书尽管偶尔有几段词藻华丽的文句，但总体来讲文风简洁明了。UK noun countable or uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■a dark reddish blue colour    紫色，紫红色
Purple is my favourite colour.   我喜欢的颜色是紫色。
The evening sky was full of purples and reds.   傍晚的天空布满紫色和红色的云彩。



★☆☆   Purple Heart 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an American medal given to soldiers who have been injured in war 
  （美国授予作战中负伤者的）紫心勋章



★☆☆   purplish
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■almost purple in colour    略带紫色的
He has a purplish birthmark on his cheek.   他的脸颊上有个略带紫色的胎记。



★☆☆   purport
—————————————————
formal 
verb transitive + to infinitive UK US US [ˈpɜ˞ː.pɔːrt/
■the general meaning of someone's words or actions    大意，主旨
I didn't read it all but I think the purport of the letter was that he will not be returning for at least a year.   我没有把信读完，但我想这封信的大意是说他至少一年不回来。



★☆☆   purpose
—————————————————
UK noun 
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■why you do something or why something exists    意图，目的，原因
The purpose of the research is to try and find out more about the causes of the disease.   研究的目的是试图进一步探寻引起这种疾病的原因。
His only purpose in life seems to be to enjoy himself.   他生活的唯一目的似乎就是享受。
Her main/primary purpose in suing the newspaper for libel was to clear her name.   她控告这家报纸诽谤的主要目的是为了澄清她的清白。
I came to Brighton for/with the express purpose of seeing you.   我到布里奇顿是特地来看你的。
Letters whose sole purpose is to make a political point will not be published.   以宣扬政治观点为唯一目的的来信是不会被发表的。
She had the operation entirely for cosmetic purposes.   她做这次手术纯粹是为了美容。
a multi-purpose kitchen knife   多用途菜刀
I can see no useful purpose in continuing this conversation.   我看不到延续这席谈话有任何益处。
All my efforts were to no purpose (= failed).   我所有的努力都付诸东流了。
He gave her a sum of money which she used to good purpose (= well).   他给她的那笔钱她都用在该用的地方。
on purpose 
 IMPROVER  
■If you do something on purpose, you do it intentionally, not by accident    故意地
I didn't do it on purpose - it was an accident.   我不是故意这样做的，是个意外。
uncountable 
■determination or a feeling of having a reason for what you do    决心，意志
I've always admired her for her strength of purpose.   我一直佩服她意志坚定。
Parenthood would give him a sense of purpose.   身为人父会让他变得有意志。
countable 
■a need    需要
We haven't yet managed to find new premises that are suitable for our purposes.   我们还未找到符合我们需要的新营业场所。
The fabric I bought isn't exactly what I wanted, but it will serve my purposes (= fulfil my needs).   我买的织品严格说不是我想要的那种，但它能满足我的需要。
serve a purpose 
■to have a use    起作用
These small village shops serve a very useful purpose.   村里的这些小商店非常有用。



★☆☆   purpose-built
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■designed and built for a particular use    为特定目的建造的
The college was the first purpose-built teacher training college in the country.   这所学院是该国第一所专门建造的师范学院。



★☆☆   purposeful
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■showing that you know what you want to do    有明确目标的，有清晰目的的；坚决的
He has a quiet, purposeful air.   他镇定而又坚决。



★☆☆   purposeless
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■done without a clear intention    无目的的，无目标的
a purposeless existence   没有目标的生活
purposeless fighting   毫无目的的战斗



★☆☆   purposely
—————————————————
UK adverb 
■intentionally    故意地
The trial has been purposely delayed.   审判被刻意延期了。
I purposely avoid making train journeys during the rush hour.   我有意避开在巅峰时段搭火车。



★☆☆   purr
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive 
■to make a quiet continuous soft sound    发出平稳低沉的声音
The cat purred as I stroked its fur.   我抚摸猫的软毛时，它呜呜地叫着。
We could hear the sound of a lawnmower purring in the back garden.   我们能听到后院割草机的震颤声。
A black limousine purred up (= drove up making a quiet continuous soft sound) outside the hotel.   旅馆外面，一辆黑色豪华轿车呜地驶过来。
[+ speech] "I love it when you stroke my back, " she purred (= said with pleasure).   “我喜欢你抚摸我的背，”她满意地哼着说。UK noun only singular 
■a purring noise    咕噜声，呜呜声
I stroked the cat and it gave a low purr.   我轻抚那只猫，它发出了低沉的呜呜声。
I heard the gentle purr of an engine outside the house.   我听到了房子外面引擎低沉的隆隆声。



★☆☆   purse
—————————————————
UK noun 
CONTAINER  钱包  
 ADVANCED  countable UK 
■a small container for money, usually used by a woman 
  （常指女用）钱包
a leather purse   皮革钱包    Compare wallet 
 ADVANCED  countable US for 
■handbag UK noun 
AMOUNT TO SPEND  花费的金额  
countable usually singular 
■the total amount of money which an organization or government has available for spending 
  （机构或政府的）备用金，可用的资金，财力
Having a lot of people out of work places a large drain on the public purse.   大量人口失业使政府的财力消耗很大。UK noun 
PRIZE  奖金  
countable 
■an amount of money which is offered as a prize in a sports competition 
  （体育竞赛中的）奖金
The players in the golf tournament are competing for a purse of £525 000.   参加本次高尔夫锦标赛的选手正在为52.5万英镑的奖金而展开争夺。UK noun 
the purse strings 
■the spending of money by a family, company or country    开支，花费
A recent survey showed that in 53% of families, women hold (= control) the purse strings.   最近一项调查显示，在53%的家庭里，由女人掌管开支。UK verb transitive 
■to bring your lips tightly together so that they form a rounded shape, usually as an expression of disapproval    噘（嘴）
"I don't approve of that kind of language," she said, pursing her lips.   “我不赞成那样子说话，”她噘着嘴说。



★☆☆   purser
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an officer on a ship who deals with the ship's accounts, or a person on a passenger ship or aircraft who is responsible for taking care of passengers 
  （轮船、飞机上的）管事，事务长



★☆☆   pursuance
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
noun uncountable 
the pursuance of something 
■the act of trying to achieve something    追求
She has devoted herself to the pursuance of justice for her son.   她一心为自己的儿子讨回公道。
In pursuance of his aims, he has decided to stand for parliament.   为了达到自己的目的，他已决定站在议会这一边。



★☆☆   pursuant
—————————————————
UK US  formal or legal 
adjective [after verb] 
■according to    根据…的
The fact that a person acted pursuant to an order of his government does not relieve him from responsibility under international law.   就算依政府命令列事也不能使其免除国际法规定的法律责任。



★☆☆   pursue
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
FOLLOW  跟随  
 IMPROVER  
■to follow someone or something, usually to try to catch or kill them    追赶；追捕；追击
The car was pursued by helicopters.   这辆车遭到多架直升机追捕。
The hunters spent hours pursuing their prey.   猎人们花费数小时追捕猎物。
He was killed by the driver of a stolen car who was being hotly pursued by the police.   他被车撞死了，撞他的人开的是一辆赃车，警方正在加紧追捕。UK verb transitive 
TRY TO GET  追求  
 IMPROVER  
■to try very hard to persuade someone to accept a job    力劝（某人）接受聘用
The company has been pursuing Holton for some time, but so far he has rejected all their offers.   该公司一直想聘用霍尔登，但至今为止他拒绝了他们提供的所有条件。
 IMPROVER  
■to try to discover information about a subject    追问，追查，追究
We will not be pursuing this matter any further.   这件事我们将不再追究。
The police are currently pursuing several lines of inquiry into the case.   目前警方采用不同的方式来调查该案件。
I don't think this idea is worth pursuing any further.   我认为这个主意不值得再考虑下去了。
The press has pursued this story relentlessly.   新闻界持续追踪报道这个故事。
■to try very hard to persuade someone to have a relationship with you    追求（某人）
He's been pursuing her for months and yet she's so clearly not interested.   他已经追求她好几个月了，不过很显然她不感兴趣。UK verb transitive 
TRY TO DO  试图  
 ADVANCED  
■If you pursue a plan, activity or situation, you try to do it or achieve it, usually over a long period of time    追求，从事，实行
He decided to pursue a career in television.   他决心从事电视广播业。
We need to decide soon what marketing strategy we should pursue for these new products.   我们必须尽快决定对这些新产品采取何种行销策略。
Michael Evans is leaving the company to pursue his own business interests.   麦克•埃文斯准备离开这家公司，去自己创业。
She is ruthless in pursuing her goals.   她抱定决心要达到自己的目标。



★☆☆   pursuer
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
FOLLOWING  追赶  
■someone who is chasing you    追赶者，追捕者；追求者
She made a sudden right turn off the road in order to escape her pursuers.   她突然向右转驶离公路，以甩掉跟踪她的人。
figurative The team are ten points ahead of their closest pursuers in the league.   该队在联赛中领先紧随的对手十分。UK noun countable 
ATTEMPT  试图  
■someone who is trying to achieve something    追求者
He described himself as a pursuer of truth and justice.   他把自己说成是个追求真理和正义的人。



★☆☆   pursuit
—————————————————
UK noun 
ACTIVITY  娱乐  
countable usually plural 
■an activity that you spend time doing, usually when you are not working    嗜好，消遣，娱乐
I enjoy outdoor pursuits, like hiking and riding.   我喜欢户外活动，比如健行和骑马。
I don't have much opportunity for leisure pursuits these days.   我近来没有多少时间可以花在业余爱好上了。UK noun 
FOLLOWING  追踪  
countable or uncountable 
■when you follow someone or something to try to catch them    追踪；追击
Three people have been killed in high-speed pursuits by the police recently.   有三人在最近员警的高速追捕中毙命。
The robbers fled the scene of the crime, with the police in pursuit.   抢劫者逃离了犯罪现场，员警紧追不舍。UK noun 
ATTEMPT  试图  
uncountable 
■when you try to achieve a plan, activity or situation, usually over a long period of time    追求；从事；实行
the pursuit of happiness   对幸福的追求
The company is ruthless in its pursuit of profit.   公司为追求利润毫不放松。
The union is on strike in pursuit of (= the act of trying to achieve) a 10% pay increase.   工会为了争取10%的加薪而罢工。



★☆☆   purvey
—————————————————
UK  US formal 
verb transitive 
■to provide goods or services as a business, or to provide information    供应（货物）；提供（服务或资讯）
This company has purveyed clothing to the armed forces for generations.   该公司世代都为军队提供服装。
The prime minister's speech was intended to purvey a message of optimism.   首相的演讲旨在传达大家一种乐观精神。



★☆☆   purveyor
—————————————————
UK US formal 
noun countable usually plural 
■a business which provides goods or services    供应商
purveyors of seafood   海鲜供应商
a purveyor of leather goods   皮货供应商
UK Purveyors of Jams and Marmalades to Her Majesty the Queen   为女王陛下提供果酱和柳橙酱的供应商



★☆☆   purview
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
noun uncountable 
■the limit of someone's responsibility, interest or activity 
  （责任、权益或活动的）范围；许可权
This case falls outside the purview of this particular court.   这件案子超出了这个法庭的管辖范围。
Some of the bank's lending operations come under/within the purview of the deputy manager, and some are handled directly by the manager.   有些银行贷款业务属于副经理的许可范围，而有些则由经理直接管理。



★☆☆   purée
—————————————————
UK verb transitive    (puréeing)
■to make fruit or vegetables into a thick smooth sauce by crushing them, usually in a machine    把（水果或蔬菜）压（或碾）成泥
Purée the strawberries in the liquidizer and add the lightly whipped cream.   在食物搅拌器中将草莓捣成泥，再加上轻轻搅打过的鲜奶油。
The first solid food she gave her baby was puréed carrot.   她给她宝宝喂的第一种固体食物是胡萝卜泥。UK noun countable or uncountable 
■a thick smooth sauce made by crushing fruit or vegetables 
  （水果或蔬菜压制成的）酱，泥，糊
apple purée   苹果酱
Add two tablespoonsful of tomato purée.   加两杓番茄酱。



★☆☆   pus
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■thick yellowish liquid that forms in and comes from an infected cut or injury in the body    脓
a pus-filled wound   化脓的伤口



★☆☆   push
—————————————————
verb 
USE PRESSURE  施压  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to use physical pressure or force, especially with your hands, in order to move something into a different position, usually one that is further away from you    推，推动
Can you help me move this table? You push and I'll pull.   你能帮我挪一下这张桌子吗？你推我拉。
The window sticks - you have to push hard to open it.   这扇窗户卡住了，开的时候得用力推。
He helped me push my car off the road.   他帮我把车推离了公路。
He pushed his plate away from him, refusing to eat any more.   他把盘子从面前推开，不想再吃了。
She pushed her hair out of her eyes.   她把头发从眼睛上撩开。
I tried to push the door open but it was stuck.   我想把门推开，但门卡住了。
It isn't clear whether he fell off the balcony, or was pushed.   他是跌下阳台还是被推下去的，这一点还不清楚。
To turn the television on, you just push (= press) this button.   要打开电视机，你只要按一下这个按钮就行了。
He pushed the money into my hand (= forcefully gave me the money). "Please take it," he said.   他把钱硬塞在我手里。“请收下，”他说。
We pushed the boat off from (= moved the boat forward by using pressure against) the river bank.   我们把船撑离河岸。verb 
MOVE WITH FORCE  推挤  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive [usually + adv/prep] 
■to move forcefully, especially in order to cause someone or something that is in your way to move, so that you can go through or past them    挤，推挤
Stop pushing - wait your turn.   别挤了，等下就轮到你。
She pushed through the crowd.   她从人群中挤了过去。
I'm sorry - I didn't mean to push in front of you.   对不起，我不是有意挤在你前面。
The minister pushed past the waiting journalists, refusing to speak to them.   部长挤过等候的记者，拒绝与他们对话。
In the final lap of the race, he managed to push (= move strongly) ahead.   在赛跑的最后一圈他奋力冲到了前面。
Weeds push (= grow strongly) up through the cracks in the concrete.   野草从混凝土的裂缝中钻了出来。
They pushed (= forcefully made) their way to the front of the queue.   他们挤到了队伍的前面。
intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■When an army pushes in a particular direction, it moves forward there    野草从混凝土的裂缝中钻了出来。
The invading troops have pushed further into the north of the country.   入侵敌军已深入到了该国北部。verb 
PERSUADE WITH FORCE  强有力地说服  
 ADVANCED  transitive 
■to forcefully persuade or direct someone to do or achieve something    逼迫；催逼；促使
Her parents pushed her into marrying him.   她父母硬逼她嫁给他。
The school manages to push most of its students through their exams.   该校设法使大多数学生通过考试。
If we want an answer from them by Friday, I think we're going to have to push them for it.   如果我们想在周五之前得到他们的答覆，就得催催他们。
[+ to infinitive] We had to push them to accept our terms, but they finally agreed to the deal.   我们不得不逼迫他们接受我们的条件，不过他们最终还是接受了这项协议。
[R] You'll never be successful if you don't push yourself (= work) harder.   如果不再努力一些，你就永远不会成功。verb 
ADVERTISE  做广告  
 ADVANCED  transitive informal 
■to advertise something repeatedly in order to increase its sales    推销（商品）
They're really pushing their new car.   他们正全力推销他们的新车。verb 
SELL DRUGS  出售毒品  
transitive informal 
■to sell illegal drugs    贩毒
He was arrested for pushing drugs to schoolchildren.   他因向中小学生贩毒而被捕。verb 
be pushing up (the) daisies humorous 
■to be dead    死，入土，一命呜呼
I'll be pushing up the daisies long before it happens.   没等这件事发生我早就一命呜呼了。verb 
push your luck (also push it) 
■to try too hard to get a particular result and risk losing what you have achieved    愚蠢冒险；得寸进尺
She's agreed to look after her on Saturday, but I think I'd be pushing my luck if I asked her to have charge of her the whole weekend.   她同意周六去照顾她，不过我想我要是让她整个周末都照顾她的话就是得寸进尺了。verb 
push the boat out UK informal 
■to spend a lot of money on celebrating something 
  （为庆祝某事而）花费一大笔钱
They really pushed the boat out for Annie's wedding.   他们为了安妮的婚礼确实花了一大笔钱。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   push sb about/around informal disapproving 
■to tell someone what to do in a rude or threatening way    对（某人）粗暴地发号施令，摆布（某人）
If you think you can push me around like that, you're mistaken.   如果你认为你能那样对我发号施令，那么你错了。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   push ahead 
■to continue with an activity in a determined or enthusiastic way, especially when it is difficult or makes you feel tired 
  （坚定地）继续进行，大力推进
They have decided to push ahead with the legal action.   他们决定继续采取法律行动。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   push along old-fashioned informal 
■to leave    离开
Anyway, I'd better be pushing along now.   无论如何，我现在最好走人。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] push sth aside 
■to decide to forget about or ignore something or someone    忘记；把…搁置一边，不理会
He claimed that he had been pushed aside (= not given a job) in favour of a younger person.   他说他被挤掉了，他们把工作给了一个更年轻的人。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   push for sth 
■to demand something repeatedly, or to take strong action to try to make it happen    反覆呼吁；努力争取
Local residents are pushing for the road to be made safer.   当地居民反覆要求把那条路修得安全些。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] push (sth) forward 
■to continue doing something or making progress in something, with effort or enthusiasm    推进，推行
Their research has pushed forward the frontiers of knowledge.   他们的研究把知识新领域的发展往前更推进了一步。
An additional grant has enabled the team to push forward with research plans.   额外的经费使该小组得以继续进行其研究计划。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   push yourself forward 
■to try to make other people notice and pay attention to you    突出自己，出风头
She always seemed to be pushing herself forward and not giving anyone else a chance.   她似乎总是突出自己，不让别人有机会。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   push in 
■to rudely join a line of people who are waiting for something, by moving in front of some of the people who are already there    插队，挤到等候的队伍前面
I was waiting in the bus queue when two men pushed in in front of me.   我正排队等公共汽车，这时有两个男子插到了我前面。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   push off 
GO     slang 
■used to rudely tell someone to go away    滚开，走开
He told me to push off.   他叫我滚开。
IN WATER  
■to push against the side of a pool, lake or river in order to move your body or a boat away from the side    离岸；把船撑离（岸）
He pushed off from the side of the pool and swam slowly to the other side.   他从游泳池的一边出发，慢慢游到了对面。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   push on 
■to continue doing something, especially when this is difficult 
  （尤指在很困难的情况下）坚持做，将…进行下去
They are pushing on with their campaign for improved childcare facilities.   他们仍在努力争取改善育儿设施。
■to continue travelling somewhere    继续旅行（或前进）
"You've been driving for a long time - do you want to stop for a rest?" "No, we're nearly there - let's push on."   “你开了很长时间车了——要停下来休息一下吗？”“不用，我们快到了——继续前进吧。”verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] push sb out 
■to make someone leave a job or stop being involved in an activity by being unpleasant or unfair to them    把（某人）排挤走
I felt I was being pushed out of the job.   我觉得我正在被排挤出这个工作岗位。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] push sb/sth over 
■to push someone or something so that they fall to the ground    将…推倒
Daddy, Matthew pushed me over.   爸爸，马修把我推到了。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] push sth through 
■to cause a plan or suggestion to be officially accepted or put into use    使（计划或建议）获得通过
We are trying to push this deal through as quickly as possible.   我们想尽快促成这笔交易。
The president is trying to push through various tax reforms.   总统正努力推行各种税务改革。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   push (sb) towards sth 
■to try to do or achieve something, or to make someone more likely to do or achieve something 
  （使）实现（或获得）
It is hoped that these measures will push the nation towards recovery.   人们希望这些措施能使国家经济得到复苏。
[+ -ing verb] New employment laws are expected to push more women towards voting Labour.   新的就业法预计将使更多的女性投票给工党。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] push sth up/down 
■to cause the amount, number or value of something to increase or be reduced    使增加／减少   


push 1	1. Rising demand tends to push prices up, and falling demand pushes them down.
 需求增加往往促使价格上涨，而需求减少促使价格下跌。
The rise in interest rates has pushed up the value of my investments.   利率上涨使我的投资升值。noun 
PRESSURE  推  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■when you move someone or something by pressing them with your hands or body    推，推动
Get on the swing and I'll give you a push.   坐到秋千上去，我推你一把。
I gave the door a hard push, but it still wouldn't open.   我使劲推了一下门，但还是打不开。
I can order all these goods at the push of a button (= by pushing a button).   我按一下按钮就能订购所有这些货物。noun 
STRONG MOVEMENT  使劲的动作  
countable 
■a stong movement towards a place    猛推
The army is continuing its push (= advance) towards the capital.   军队正继续朝首都挺进。noun 
ATTEMPT  尝试  
countable 
■a determined attempt to get an advantage over other companies in business 
  （生意上为赢得优势而进行的）努力，攻势
The company plans to make a big push into the European market next spring.   该公司打算明年春天向欧洲市场大举推进。
[+ to infinitive] The hotel is making a major push to attract customers.   这家旅馆正在大搞活动以吸引顾客。noun 
ADVERTISING  宣传  
only singular 
■a lot of advertising    宣传；推销
This film is unlikely to attract large audiences unless it gets /it is given a big push in the media.   除非在媒体中大作宣传，否则这部电影不大可能吸引大批观众。noun 
at a push UK 
■If you can do something at a push, you can do it but it will be difficult    困难地
At a push I could be there by eight o'clock.   我勉强能在八点之前赶到。noun 
get the push UK informal 
■to be told to leave your job    被解雇，被开除
Rick got the push a few weeks ago.   瑞克在几周前被开除了。
■to be told by someone that your relationship with them has ended    被抛弃（或甩掉）
She got the push from Martin last night.   昨晚她被马丁甩了。noun 
give sb the push UK informal 
■to tell someone to leave their job    解雇（某人）
I heard he'd been given the push.   我听说他被解雇了。
■to end a relationship with someone    断交；分手
Oh, give him the push - he's a loser.   唉，别跟他交往了，他是个失败者。noun 
if/when push comes to shove 
■If something can be done if push comes to shove, it can be done if the situation becomes so bad that you have to do it    一旦情况紧急，不得已时
If push comes to shove, we can always sell the car.   实在不行我们还可以把车卖了。



★☆☆   pushbike
—————————————————
 UK old-fashioned 
noun countable 
■a bicycle    自行车



★☆☆   push-button
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■describes an electronic object that you control by pushing buttons 
  （电子设备）用按钮操纵的，按键式的
a push-button phone   按键式电话



★☆☆   pushchair
—————————————————
UK US  UK (US stroller) 
noun countable 
■a small, usually folding, chair on wheels which a baby or small child sits in and is pushed around in    折叠式婴儿车，幼儿推车



★☆☆   pushed
—————————————————
adjective 
be pushed for time/money    mainly UK 
■to not have enough time or money    时间／金钱紧迫的
I'm a bit pushed for money this month.   这个月我手头有点紧。
be (hard) pushed to do sth 
■to find it difficult to do something    做…很困难
We'll be hard pushed to get to Brighton by six o'clock.   我们很难在六点之前到达布里奇顿。



★☆☆   pusher
—————————————————
UK US (also drug pusher) 
noun countable 
■someone who sells illegal drugs    毒贩



★☆☆   pushing
—————————————————
adverb 
be pushing fifty/sixty, etc. 
■to be almost fifty/sixty, etc. years old    将近50／60岁等
He looks great and yet he must be pushing sixty by now.   他看起来很健康，不过他现在肯定快60了。



★☆☆   pushover
—————————————————
UK US informal 
noun countable usually singular 
■something that is easy to do or to win, or someone who is easily persuaded or influenced or defeated    易做的事；易被人说服（或影响、击败）的人
The interview was an absolute pushover.   这次面试非常容易。
Jean will look after Harry, I'm quite sure - she's a pushover for (= is easily persuaded to do things for) babies.   我敢肯定琼会照顾哈利——对于孩子的事很好说话。



★☆☆   pushpin
—————————————————
 US 
noun countable 
■a small pin with a small ball-shaped piece of plastic on one end, used especially for fixing notices, pictures, etc. to a board or a wall 
  （尤指用来固定布告、图画等的）图钉



★☆☆   push-start
—————————————————
UK US  (also bump-start) 
verb transitive 
■to push your car in order to make the engine start    推车发动



★☆☆   push-up
—————————————————
 US (UK press-up) 
noun countable 
■a physical exercise in which you lie flat with your face towards the floor and try to push up your body with your arms while keeping your legs and your back straight    伏地挺身



★☆☆   pushy
—————————————————
 disapproving 
adjective 
■behaving in an unpleasant way by trying too much to get something or to make someone do something    咄咄逼人的
a pushy salesman   拼命劝别人买东西的推销员



★☆☆   pusillanimous
—————————————————
 formal 
adjective 
■weak and cowardly (= not brave) ; frightened of taking risks    怯懦的，胆小的
He's too pusillanimous to stand up to his opponents.   他太懦弱了，不敢勇敢面对自己的对手。



★☆☆   puss
—————————————————
 informal 
noun countable 
■a cat    猫
[as form of address] Here, puss.   过来，猫咪。



★☆☆   pussy
—————————————————
noun 
CAT  猫  
■a pussy cat    小猫noun 
WOMEN  女人  
countable offensive 
■a woman's vagina    女性的阴部
uncountable offensive 
■sex with a woman    与女人性交



★☆☆   pussy cat 
—————————————————
noun 
ANIMAL  动物  
countable (also pussy) child's word 
■a cat    猫咪
Look, Martha, a pussy cat!   看，玛莎，一只小猫咪！noun 
PERSON  人  
countable usually singular humorous 
■someone who is surprisingly gentle    小姑娘似的，极温柔的
Mike likes to make out that he's tough, but he's a pussy cat really.   麦克喜欢装作十分粗野，但他实际上很温文。



★☆☆   pussyfoot
—————————————————
 informal disapproving 
verb intransitive 
■to avoid making a decision or expressing an opinion because you are uncertain or frightened about doing so    优柔寡断，缩手缩脚，畏首畏尾
Stop pussyfooting around/about and tell me what you really think.   别再吞吞吐吐的了，告诉我你真实的想法。



★☆☆   pussy willow
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■a tree which has small greyish flowers covered in fur in the spring, or the flowers themselves    猫柳；柳絮



★☆☆   pustule
—————————————————
 specialized 
noun countable 
■a small raised area on the skin which contains pus (= thick liquid)    脓疱



★☆☆   put
—————————————————
 (putting, put, put)
verb 
MOVE  移动  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive + adverb or preposition 
■to move something or someone into the stated place, position or direction    把…放在；放置
Where have you put the keys?   你把锁匙放在哪了？
Put your clothes in the cupboard.   把你的衣服放在衣橱里。
He put salt into the sugar bowl by mistake.   他把盐误放在糖罐里。
She put her bag on the table.   她把袋子放在桌子上。
She put her hands over her eyes.   她用双手捂住了眼睛。
I put my arm round him to comfort him.   我搂住他，给他安慰。
We always put the cat out (= outside the house) at night.   我们晚上总是把猫留在屋外。
Every night, she puts out her clothes (= takes them from where they are kept so that they are ready) for the next day.   每天晚上她都把衣服拿出来，准备好第二天穿。
If we put the chairs a bit closer together (= move them nearer to each other) , we should be able to get another one round the table.   我们把椅子靠近点的话，应该能在桌边再放下一张。
If you put together (= mix) yellow and blue paint you get green.   你把黄色和蓝色的颜料混合就会得到绿色。
The prisoners were put up against (= moved into a position next to) a wall and shot.   犯人们被带到墙边击毙。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
WRITE  写  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive + adverb or preposition 
■to write something    写
She puts her name in all her books.   她在她所有的书上都写上了自己的名字。
Put a cross next to the name of the candidate you want to vote for.   在你想选的候选人姓名旁画个叉。
I've put the date of the party down in my diary.   我已经把聚会的日期记在我的日记本里。
He asked me to put my objections (down) on paper.   他叫我把反对的理由写在一张纸上。
It was an interesting article but I wish they'd put in more information (= included more information) about the costs.   这篇文章很有趣，不过我希望加入更多有关费用的资讯。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
EXPRESS  表达  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to express something in words    说，表述，表达
She wanted to tell him that she didn't want to see him any more, but she didn't know how to put it.   她想告诉他再也不想见到他了，但不知如何开口。
We're going to have to work very hard, but as Chris so succinctly put it , there's no gain without pain.   我们不得不努力工作，就像克里斯十分精辟指出的那样，不劳则无获。
Why do you always have to put things so crudely?   你为甚么说话总是这么粗鲁？
Has everyone had a chance to put their point of view?   每个人都有机会发表自己的看法吗？
put a price/value/figure on sth 
■to say what you think the price or value of something is    估价
The agent has put a price of £120 000 on our house.   经纪人估计我们的房子值12万英镑。
You can't put a value on friendship (= say what it is worth).   友谊是无价的。
to put it bluntly/simply/briefly/mildly, etc. 
■used to describe the way you are expressing an event or opinion    直言不讳／简单地说／简而言之／委婉地说
To put it bluntly, you're going to have to improve.   恕我直言，你还得改进。
He was annoyed, to put it mildly (= He was very annoyed).   说得好听一点，他有点不太高兴。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
CONDITION  状况  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to cause someone or something to be in the stated condition or situation    使处于某种状态（或境地、局面）
Are you prepared to put your children at risk ?   你打算要让孩子们身陷危险境地吗？
This puts me in a very difficult position.   这让我处于非常困难的境地。
What has put you in such a bad mood?   是甚么让你的心情这么糟糕？
This election is a chance for the country to put a new government in (= elect a new government).   这次选举是该国选出新政府的一个机会。
It's broken into so many pieces, it'll be impossible to put it back together again (= repair it).   已经碎成这么多块了，不可能再修复了。
Let's give her the chance to put her ideas into practice.   让我们给她一个把她的想法付诸实践的机会。
The terrorists were put on trial (= Their case was judged in a law court) six years after the bombing.   恐怖分子在爆炸发生六年后受到了审判。
Wilson was put out (of the competition) (= was defeated) by Clarke in the second round.   威尔森在第2轮被克拉克淘汰出局。
[+ adj] How much did it cost to have the television put right (= repaired) ?   修好电视机要花多少钱？
I originally thought he was Australian, but he soon put me straight (= corrected me) and explained he was from New Zealand.   我原以为他是澳大利亚人，不过很快他就纠正了我，解释说他是纽西兰人。
I know she's gone forever, but I just can't put her out of my mind/head (= forget her).   我知道她永远地离开了，但我就是无法忘记她。
He's putting me under pressure to change my mind.   他在对我施加压力以使我改变主意。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
OPERATION  行动  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to bring into operation; to cause to be used    实施；带来；造成
When the drugs failed to cure her, she put her faith/trust in herbal medicine.   西药不能治好她的病时，她转而相信草药了。
The school puts a lot of emphasis on teaching children to read and write.   学校非常重视对孩子们的读写教育。
He's putting pressure on me to change my mind.   他正在对我施加压力，想让我改变主意。
The events of the last few weeks have put a real strain on him.   过去几周发生的事让他背负了很大的压力。
In the story of Sleeping Beauty, the wicked fairy puts a spell/curse/ UShex on the baby princess.   在《睡美人》这个故事中，那个邪恶的仙女对小公主施了魔咒。
You know it was your fault, so don't try and put the blame on anyone else.   你清楚那是你自己的错，所以别想怪罪别人。
The government is expected to put a new tax on cars.   预测政府将对汽车开征一项新税。
The new tax will put 8% on fuel prices (= increase them by 8%).   新税制将会使燃油价格上涨8%。
She's never put a bet/money on a race before.   她以前从不赌赛马。
He put everything he had into (= He used all his abilities and strength in) the final game.   他全力投入决赛。
The more you put into something, the more you get out of it (= The harder you work at something, the more satisfying it is).   你投入越多，收获就越多。
They put (= invested) a lot of money into the family business.   他们把许多钱投入到家族企业中。
The President is trying to put through (= bring into operation) reforms of the country's economic system.   总统正试图对该国的经济体制进行改革。
They've got to put an end to/a stop to their fighting (= to stop fighting).   他们必须停止争斗。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
JUDGE  判断  
   transitive + adverb or preposition 
■to judge something or someone in comparison with other similar things or people    判断，估计
I'd put him among the top six tennis players of all time.   我会把他列为有史以来最优秀的六位网球选手之一。
Drama critics have put her on a level/par with the great Shakespearean actresses.   剧评家把她和一些伟大的莎剧女演员相提并论。
He always puts the needs of his family first/last (= they are the most/least important thing to him).   他总是把家庭的需要放在首位／末位。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
SAIL  航行  
   intransitive + adverb or preposition 
■to travel in a boat or ship across the sea    航行
Our mast broke, so we had to put about (= turn round) and return to port.   我们的桅杆坏了，因此只好掉头向港口返航。
The ship put in at (= stopped at) Cape Town for fresh supplies.   轮船停靠在开普敦以补充新鲜补给。
We put to sea (= began our sea journey) at dawn.   我们拂晓启航。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
put your back into sth 
■to use a lot of physical effort to try to do something    耗费很大体力做…
You could dig this plot in an afternoon if you really put your back into it.   如果你卖力做的话，一下午就能挖完这块地。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
put yourself in sb's place/position/shoes 
■to imagine how someone else feels in a difficult situation    处在（某人的）角度考虑
Put yourself in my place - what else could I have done?   你站在我的角度想想，我还能做甚么呢？ (putting, put, put)
verb 
put sb to sth 
■to cause someone to experience or do something    使（某人）感到；让（某人）做
Your generosity puts me to shame.   你的宽宏大量让我感到羞愧。
I've put the children to work clearing the snow from the path.   我让孩子们去做事，清扫道路上的积雪。
I hope we're not putting you to any inconvenience.   我希望我们没有给你添麻烦。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
put it about (also put yourself about) UK informal 
■to have sex with a lot of different people    滥交，生活放荡
Have you been putting it about recently, then?   那么说，你最近生活有些放纵是吗？ (putting, put, put)
verb


put 1	Put it there! informal 
* something that you say when you want someone to shake your hand to show that you have just made an agreement 
  （达成协议或取得一致意见时的用语）握个手吧！
"So, do we have a deal?" "Sure, put it there."   “那么，我们达成协议了？”“当然，我们握手庆祝一下吧。” (putting, put, put)
verb 
put one over on sb informal 
■to trick someone    欺骗（某人），哄骗（某人）
He'd tried to put one over on the tax office and got found out.   他企图蒙骗税务局，但被查出来了。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
put the shot 
■to throw a heavy metal ball as far as possible in a sports competition    推铅球，掷铅球
He won the gold medal for putting the shot.   他获得了铅球项目的金牌。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
put the squeeze on sb (US also put the bite on sb) slang 
■to ask someone to give you money    向（某人）要钱
She put the squeeze on her mother for a hundred bucks.   她向她妈妈要了100美元。
The insurance company put the bite on me for a huge increase in my premium after I crashed the car.   我把车撞坏以后，保险公司对我收取的保险费提高了很多。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sth about/around informal 
■to tell a lot of people something that is not true    到处散布（谣言），造谣
[+ that] I'd like to know who put the rumour around that I'm pregnant.   我想知道谁在到处造谣说我怀孕了。
Someone's been putting it about that Dan is leaving.   有人在四处造谣说丹要走了。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sth across/over sb informal 
■to cause a piece of false information to be believed by one or more people    欺骗（某人）相信…
You didn't manage to put that story over on the tax people, did you?   你没能用那个故事来欺骗税务员，对吧？ (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sth across 
■to express your ideas and opinions clearly so that people understand them easily    表达（或解释）清楚（自己的想法或观点）
It's an interesting idea and I thought he put it across well.   这个想法很有趣，我认为他表达得很清楚。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put yourself across 
■to express your ideas and opinions clearly so that people understand them and realize what you are like as a person    清楚表达自己的想法（或观点）
I don't think I managed to put myself across very well in my interview.   我觉得面试时我没有把自己的意思表达清楚。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sth aside 
SAVE  
■to save something, usually time or money, for a special purpose    留出（时间）；存（钱）
I put aside a little every month for a deposit on a house.   我每月存一点钱支付房子的订金。
He tries to put some time aside every evening to read to the kids.   他设法每天晚上腾出些时间读书给孩子们听。
IGNORE  
■If you put a disagreement or problem aside, you ignore it temporarily so that it does not prevent you doing what you want to do    把（分歧或问题）撇开不理，搁置
Let's put our differences aside and make a fresh start.   让我们撇开分歧，重新开始。
Can we put that question aside for now, and come back to it later?   我们暂时先把那个问题搁置一旁，稍后回头再来考虑好吗？ (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sth at sth 
■to guess or roughly calculate that something will cost a particular amount, or that something is a particular size, number or amount    推测，估计（某物的价格、大小、数量等）
The value of the painting has been put at £1 million.   这幅画估价为100万英镑。
I'd put her at (= guess that her age is) about 35.   我估计她大约35岁。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sth away 
STORE  
 ESSENTIAL  
■to put something in the place or container where it is usually kept    把…收拾（或储藏）起来
Put your toys away now.   现在把你的玩具收起来。
FOOD     informal 
■to eat a large amount of food    猛吃
He put away a whole box of chocolates in one evening.   他一晚上吃掉了整整一盒巧克力。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sb away 
   informal 
■to move someone into a place where people live and are cared for together, such as a mental hospital or old people's home    把…送进精神病院（或养老院等）
In the past, people who suffered from schizophrenia were often put away.   过去，患精神分裂症的人通常都被送进精神病院。
■slang 
■to send someone to prison    将（某人）送进监狱
After what he did, he deserves to be put away for life.   他做了那样的事，被终身监禁是罪有应得。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sth back 
REPLACE  
■to return an object to where it was before it was moved    将…放回原处
Will you put the books back when you've finished with them?   你看完书把它们放回原处好吗？
DELAY     UK 
■to delay a planned event    将…延期，延后
We had to put the meeting back a week.   我们不得不将会议延后一周。
DRINK     mainly UK informal 
■to drink something quickly, especially a large amount of alcohol    快速喝（尤指大量酒）
He regularly puts back six pints a night - I don't know how he does it.   他通常一晚上要喝六品脱酒，不知道他是怎么喝下去的。
CLOCK  
■to change a clock or watch to make it show an earlier time, for example because you are now in a part of the world where the time is different    把（钟或表）拨慢 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sth before sb 
IMPORTANCE  
■to give more attention to one thing than another because you think it is more important    把…看得比（某人）重要
I'd never put my work before my family.   我绝不会把工作看得比家庭重要。
TELL  
■to formally tell or explain facts or ideas to a group of people in authority    向（权威人士）正式陈述（或解释）
We've got to put our proposal before the committee.   我们不得不向委员会解释我们的提议。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sth behind you 
■If you put an unpleasant experience behind you, you stop thinking about it, so that it does not affect your life    将（不愉快的经历）抛在脑后
Like any divorce, it was a painful business but I've put it all behind me now.   全天下离婚都一样，是令人痛苦的事，不过我现在已经把它抛在脑后了。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sth by 
■to save an amount of money to use later    存（钱）
I try to put by a few pounds every week.   我设法每周存几英镑。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sth/sb down 
STOP HOLDING  
 ESSENTIAL  [M] 
■to put an object that you are holding onto the floor or onto another surface, or to stop carrying someone    放下；卸下
I put my bags down while we spoke.   我们说话时，我放下了我的袋子。
Put me down, Daddy!   把我放下，爸爸！
NAME  
■to write someone's name on a list or document, usually in order to include them in an event or activity    登记，记下（某人的名字）
Do you want me to put you down for the trip to London?   你想报名去伦敦旅游吗？
[R] I've put myself down for the office football team.   我已经报名参加部门的足球队了。
If you want to get your children into that school, you have to put their names down at birth.   如果你想让你的孩子们上那所学校就必须在他们出生时就报名。
not put sth down 
■If you cannot put a book down, you are unable to stop reading it until you reach the end    舍不得放下（书），对（书）爱不释手
It was so exciting from the first page I couldn't put it down.   这本书从一开始就引人入胜，我简直爱不释手。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sth down 
TELEPHONE  
■If you put the telephone down, you place the receiver back in the position you keep it in when it is not being used.    放下（电话听筒）
PAY  
■to pay part of the cost and promise to pay the rest later    付（订金）
I've put a deposit down on a new car.   我已经为新车支付了订金。 (putting, put, put)   


put 2	 verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sb down 
INSULT  
[M] informal 
■to make someone feel silly or not important by criticizing them    贬低（某人），奚落（某人）
Why did you have to put me down in front of everybody like that?   你为甚么要在大家面前那样数落我？
BABY  
■to place and make a baby comfortable in the place where it sleeps    把（婴儿）放在床上
I'd just put Jack down for his nap.   我刚把杰克放在床上让他小睡一会儿。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sth down 
KILL  
■to kill an animal that is old, ill or injured, to prevent it from suffering    杀死（衰老或有伤病的动物以免除其痛苦）
If a horse breaks its leg, it usually has to be put down.   如果马的腿断了通常就得被杀死。
OPPOSITION  
■to stop or limit an opposing political event or group    平定，镇压
Police used tear gas to put the riot down.   员警使用了催泪煤气来平定暴动。
Thousands of troops were needed to put down the uprising.   需要数千名士兵来平定暴动。
PRICE     UK (UK and US bring sth down) 
■to reduce a price or a charge    降低（价格或费用）
Shops are being forced to put their prices down in order to attract customers.   商店为了吸引顾客正在被迫降价。
It's time that the government put down interest rates.   政府该降低利率了。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put (sth) down (somewhere) 
■When an aircraft puts down, it lands, and when pilots put down their aircraft, they land 
  （飞机）着陆
She put down safely in the corner of the airfield.   她在机场的一个角落安全降落。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sb down somewhere UK slightly old-fashioned 
■to stop a vehicle and allow someone to get out of it or off it    让（某人）下车
Ask the taxi driver to put you down outside the church.   告诉计程车司机让你在教堂外下车。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sb down as sth 
■to think that someone is a particular type of person, especially when you do not know them very well    认为（尤指不熟的人）是，将（尤指不熟的人）看作
I'd hate them to put me down as a snob.   我讨厌他们把我看作势利小人。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sb down for sth 
■to make a record that someone has promised to pay a particular sum of money as part of a collection to help people in need    记下（某人）（答应捐款的数额）
Put me down for a £10 donation, and you can put my husband down for the same.   请你记下我捐十英镑，我丈夫也捐十英镑。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sth down to sth 
 ADVANCED  
■to think that a problem or situation is caused by a particular thing    把…归因于…
I put the children's bad behaviour down to the fact that they were tired.   我认为孩子们表现不好是因为他们累了。
put it down to experience 
■to decide that instead of being upset about something bad that has happened or that you have done, you will learn from it    把…看作一次教训
Okay, so you made a mistake - you just have to put it down to experience and carry on with your life.   好了，你是犯了错误，就把它当作一次教训，继续好好生活吧。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sth/sb forward (US put sth/sb forth) 
 ADVANCED  
■to state an idea or opinion, or to suggest a plan or person, for other people to consider    提出（想法或计划）；推荐（某人）
The proposals that you have put forward deserve serious consideration.   你提出的建议值得认真考虑。
I wasn't convinced by any of the arguments that he put forward.   他提出的论据没有一条能让我信服。
Many suggestions have been put forward, but a decision is unlikely until after next year's general election.   已经提出了许多建议，但要等到明年的大选过后才可能作出决定。
The peace plan put forward last August has been revived for the latest round of negotiations.   去年八月份提出的和平计划在最近的一轮谈判中被再次提出。
[R] She has decided to put her name /put her self forward as a candidate.   她决定申请当候选人。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sth forward 
■to change a clock or watch to make it show a later time, especially an hour later    向前拨，拨快（钟表）
Most European countries put the clocks forward in the spring.   大多数欧洲国家会在春季将钟表拨快一小时。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sth in 
EQUIPMENT  
■to fix a large piece of equipment or system into a room or building, ready to be used    安装（设备）
I've just had central heating/a new kitchen put in.   我刚刚安装了一个中央暖气系统／一套新厨具。
OFFER  
■to formally offer a particular thing to be considered    正式提出，提交
I've put in an application to the college.   我已经向这所大学提出了报名申请。
They've put in a bid for the company/a bid to buy the company.   他们投标购买该公司。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sth in/put sth into sth 
 ADVANCED  
■to spend a lot of time or effort doing something    花费（大量时间或精力）
You've obviously put a lot of work in on your garden.   你显然为你的花园花费了很多精力。
If I put in some extra hours (= spend some extra hours working) today, I can have some time off tomorrow.   如果我今天多工作几个小时的话，明天就可以休息一会儿了。
We've put a lot of time and effort into making the house look nice.   我们花了很多时间和精力让房子看起来漂亮些。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put (sth) in 
■to say something which adds to or interrupts what is already being said    插（话）
[+ speech] "But she's rather inexperienced for the job, " put in Jane.   “但是这份工作她很缺乏经验，”珍插嘴说。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put in for sth 
■to make an official request to have or do something    正式要求，申请
I'm putting in for a job at the hospital.   我正在向医院应征一份工作。
Richard's finally put in for his driving test.   理查终于申请了驾照考试。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sth into sth    See put in (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sth off 
 IMPROVER  
■to decide or arrange to delay an event or activity until a later time or date    延后，拖延
The meeting has been put off for a week.   会议被延后了一周。
[+ -ing verb] I can't put off going to the dentist any longer.   我不能再拖着不去看牙医了。
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today. saying 
■said to emphasize that you should not delay doing something if you can do it immediately    今日事今日毕。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sb off 
■to tell someone that you cannot see them or do something for them, or stop them from doing something, until a later time    拒绝（某人）；阻止（某人）
I really don't want to go out with Helen and Greg tonight - can't we put them off ?   我今晚真的不想跟海伦和葛列格出去——我们就不能不见他们吗？
He keeps asking me out, and I keep putting him off.   他不停地约我出去，我一直拒绝他。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sb off (sth) 
■to take someone's attention away from what they want to be doing or should be doing 
  （从…）分散（某人）的注意力，让（某人）打消（…）的念头
Once she's made up her mind to do something, nothing will put her off.   她一旦下定决心做甚么事情，就没有甚么能让她改变主意。
Could you be quiet please - I'm trying to concentrate and you're putting me off.   请你安静些好吗——我想要集中注意力，而你打扰了我。
The sudden flash of the camera put the players off their game.   照相机突然闪光，分散了选手们比赛的注意力。
put sb off their stride (UK also put sb off their stroke)


put 3	* to take someone's attention away from what they are doing, so that they stop doing it or do it wrong 
（打搅某人）使无法继续（或出错）
He interrupted mid-speech and it put me off my stride.   他打断了我的讲话，使我无法再讲下去。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sb off (sth/sb) 
 ADVANCED  
■to make someone dislike something or someone, or to discourage someone from doing something    使反感；使泄气
The smell of hospitals always puts me off.   我一直很讨厌医院里的气味。
You have to work long hours and that puts off a lot of people.   不得不加班，这让很多人非常反感。
His attitude put me right off him.   他的态度让我对他很反感。
[+ -ing verb] Personally, I didn't enjoy the film, but don't let that put you off going.   就我个人而言，我不喜欢这部电影，不过别让这扫了你的兴。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sth on 
OPERATE  
 IMPROVER  mainly UK 
■to make a device operate, or to cause a device to play something, such as a CD or video, by pressing a switch 
  （使）（光碟或录影带等装置）运行
Could you put the light on?   你能把灯打开吗？
Do you mind if I put the television/some music on?   你介意我打开电视机／放点音乐吗？
Don't forget to put the brake on.   别忘了踩煞车。
COVER BODY  
■to cover part of the body with clothes, shoes, make-up or something similar    穿，戴
Put your shoes on - we're going out.   穿上你的鞋，我们出去。
He put on his jacket.   他穿上了他的夹克。
She puts face cream on every night.   她每天晚上都擦面霜。
PRETEND  
■to pretend to have a particular feeling or way of behaving which is not real or natural to you    装出，假装
Why are you putting on that silly voice ?   你为甚么故意发出那么傻的声音？
There's no need to put on that injured expression - you know you're in the wrong.   没必要装出那种受伤的表情——你自己清楚你有错。
I can't tell whether he's really upset, or if he's just putting it on.   我看不出他是真的不舒服还是装的而已。
PRODUCE     mainly UK 
■to produce or provide something, especially for the good of other people or for a special purpose    生产；提供
She put on a wonderful meal for us.   她为我们做了一顿可口的餐点。
They've put on a late-night bus service for students.   他们为学生们提供深夜公车服务。
WEIGHT  
■If people or animals put weight on, they become heavier    长胖，体重增加
I'd expected to put weight on when I gave up smoking, but I didn't.   我以为我戒烟后体重会增加，不过没有。
He's put on 10 pounds in the last month.   他上个月体重增加了十磅。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sb on mainly US informal 
■to try to deceive someone into believing something that is not true    欺骗，愚弄（某人）
She said she was planning to give her house to a charity for the homeless but I thought she was putting me on.   她说她打算把房子捐给为无家可归者服务的慈善机构，不过我觉得她是在骗我。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sb onto sth 
■to introduce a person to something or someone that could bring them an advantage    向（某人）介绍（对其有益的人或物）
David put me onto a wonderful vegetarian cookery book.   大卫给我推荐了一本很棒的素食烹饪书。
Can you put me onto (= tell me where to find) a good dentist?   你能给我推荐一个好牙医吗？ (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sth out 
LIGHT  
■to make a light stop shining by pressing a switch    关（灯）
Did you put the lights out downstairs?   你把楼下的灯关了吗？
Put that torch out!   把那个火炬灭了！
STOP BURNING  
■to make something that is burning, such as a fire or cigarette, stop burning    扑灭（火）；熄灭（香烟）
Firefighters have been called to put out the fire in the city centre.   已经叫了消防员来扑灭市中心的火。
Would you mind putting your cigarette out, please?   请你把烟弄熄好吗？ (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sb out    [M] 
■to cause trouble or extra work for someone    给（某人）添麻烦；使（某人）做额外的工作
Would it put you out if we came tomorrow instead of today?   如果我们今天不来明天来，会给你添麻烦吗？
[M usually passive] 
■to annoy or upset someone, often by what you do or say to them    使（某人）愤怒（或心烦意乱）
She was rather put out when they turned up two hours late for dinner.   他们吃饭迟到了两个小时，这让她非常恼火。
He seemed a bit put out at not having been invited.   没有被邀请，他似乎有点不高兴。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [R] put yourself out 
■to make an effort to do something to help somebody, even if it is not convenient 
  （为帮助别人）尽心竭力
Brian's always willing to put himself out for other people.   布莱恩总是愿意尽力帮助别人。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sth out 
MOVE FORWARD  
[M] 
■to move forward part of your body, such as your hand or your tongue, from your body    伸出（手、舌头等）
She put out her hand to shake mine.   她伸出手和我握手。
Don't put your tongue out - it's rude.   别吐舌头，这不礼貌。
INJURE     informal 
■to injure part of your body by causing it to be moved out of its correct position    使（身体某部位）脱臼
He put his knee out playing football.   他踢球时把膝盖弄脱臼了。
MAKE AVAILABLE     [M] 
■to produce something in large quantities, so that it can be sold    大量生产（…）
They put out millions of pairs of shoes a year.   他们一年生产成百上千万双鞋。
[M] 
■to produce information and make it available for everyone to read or hear    发出（资讯）
Police have put out a warning to people living in the area.   警方向住在该地区的人们发出了警告。
MAKE WRONG     [M] 
■If a mistake puts out a set of mathematical calculations, it causes them to be wrong    使（计算）出错
That one error put the figures out by several thousand pounds.   那一个错误就让数字差了几千英镑。
WORK     [M] UK (US usually contract sth out) 
■If you put work out, you employ someone outside your organization to do it    把（工作）包出去，外聘人员做
The council has put the job of street-cleaning out to a private firm.   委员会将清扫街道的工作转包给了一个私人公司。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put out US slang 
■(especially of a woman) to agree to have sex 
  （尤指女性）愿意性交
I wasn't going to put out just because he'd paid for dinner.   我可不会因为他请我吃了晚饭就和他上床。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sth over/across 
■to express an idea clearly so that people understand it    把（观点）表达清楚；使被理解
Did you feel that you managed to put over your point of view?   你认为你把自己的观点表达清楚了吗？
She's not very good at putting across her ideas.   她不太善于表达自己的观点。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sb through sth 
BAD EXPERIENCE  
■to make someone experience something unpleasant or difficult    使（某人）经历（不愉快的事或困难）
I'm sorry to put you through this ordeal.   让你受这种煎熬，我很抱歉。
EDUCATION  
■to pay for someone to study at school, college or university    供（某人）上学
It's costing them a lot of money to put their children through school.   供孩子们上学花了他们很多钱。
[R] She's putting herself through college.   她在赚钱供自己上大学。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sb through 
■to connect a person using a telephone to the person they want to speak to    为（某人）接通电话；转接
Could you put me through to customer services, please?   请为我转接客服部的电话好吗？ (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sth to sb 
■to suggest an idea or plan to someone so that they can consider it or discuss it    向（某人）提出（想法或计划）供考虑（或讨论）
"Shall we all go out for a pizza tonight?" "I don't know. I'll put it to Jim and see what he says."   “今晚我们都出去吃比萨好吗？”“不知道，我问问吉姆，看他怎么说。”
[+ that] formal I put it to you (= I believe it to be true) , Ms Dawson, that you were in the building at the time of the murder.   道森女士，我认为发生谋杀时你在那栋楼里。
■to ask someone a question    向（某人）问（问题）
I have a question I want to put to you.   我有个问题想问你。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sth together 
 ADVANCED 


put 4	* to put the parts of something in the correct places and join them to each other 
把…组装在一起；装配；拼合，组合
Model aeroplanes come in pieces which you have to put together.   飞机模型是一块块的，你必须把它们组装起来。
 ADVANCED  
■to prepare a piece of work by collecting several ideas and suggestions and organizing them 
  （透过搜集观点和建议）整理出，拼凑，凑成
The management are putting together a plan/proposal/package to rescue the company.   管理阶层正在整理制定出一个挽救公司的计划／建议／一套建议。
It takes about three weeks to put the magazine together.   把这份杂志整理出来大约要花费3周的时间。
put together 
■said after a phrase which refers to a group of people or things to show that you are thinking of them as a group rather than separately 
  （用于片语后）加在一起，汇总起来
She earns more than all the rest of us put together.   她赚的比我们其他所有人赚的加起来还多。
The population of the US is bigger than that of Britain, France and Germany put together.   美国的人口比英国、法国和德国的人口加起来还要多。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sth towards sth 
■to use an amount of money to pay part of the cost of something    拿出（一定量的钱）贴补着买…
My grandma gave me some money to put towards a new coat.   我祖母贴补了我一些钱来买件新大衣。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sth up 
RAISE  
 ADVANCED  
■to raise something, or to fix something in a raised position    举起，抬起，升起；高高固定起
Why don't you put up your hood/umbrella (= raise it over your head) ?   你怎么不戴起风帽／撑起伞？
I put my hand up to ask the teacher a question.   我举起手问了老师一个问题。
I put my hair up (= fixed it into a position on the top of my head) for the wedding.   我在婚礼上盘起了头发。
BUILD  
 ADVANCED  
■to build something    建造
They're planning to put a hotel up where the museum used to be.   他们打算在原来的博物馆那里盖一栋旅馆。
We're going to put up a new fence around our garden.   我们打算在我们的花园周围建一个新围篱。
FIX  
■to fix an object to a vertical surface    张挂，悬挂；张贴
We've put up some new curtains in the living room.   我们在起居室里挂上了新窗帘。
Posters advertising the concert have been put up all over the town.   全城都贴满了宣传这场音乐会的海报。
MONEY  
 ADVANCED  mainly UK 
■to increase the price or value of something    提高，抬高（价格或价值）
I see they've put up the price of fuel again.   我知道他们又抬高了燃料价格。
■to provide or lend an amount of money for a particular purpose    提供（资金），借（钱）
The money for the new hospital was put up by an anonymous donor.   建造新医院的资金是一位匿名捐赠者提供的。
His brother has agreed to put up bail for him.   他哥哥答应给他交保释金。
put your feet up UK 
■to relax, especially by sitting with your feet supported above the ground 
  （尤指双脚平放起来）休息
You go home and put your feet up, love.   亲爱的，你回家后好好休息。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put up sth 
■to show or express a particular type of opposition to something    进行（反对或抵抗）
The villagers were unable to put up any resistance to the invading troops.   村民没有能力对侵略军进行任何抵抗。
We're not going to let them build a road here without putting up a fight.   他们要在这里修筑公路，我们不会轻易让他们得逞。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sth/sb up 
■to suggest an idea, or to make a person available, to be considered    提出（观点）；推举，提名（某人）
It was Bob who originally put up the idea of the exhibition.   展览会的想法最初是鲍勃提出来的。
Each party is allowed to put up one candidate.   每个政党允许推举一名候选人。
William has been put up as a candidate for the committee.   威廉被推举为该委员会的候选人。
Is Chris willing to be put up for election?   克里斯愿意接受提名参加选举吗？ (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] put sb up 
■to provide someone with a place to stay temporarily    为（某人）暂时提供住宿
Sally is putting me up for the weekend.   莎莉这个周末留我过夜。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put up mainly UK 
■to stay somewhere for the night    住下过夜
We put up at a small hotel for the night.   我们在一家小旅馆里过夜。
put up or shut up informal 
■If you say someone should put up or shut up, you mean that they should either take action in order to do what they have been talking about, or stop talking about it    采取行动（如果你说某人应“采取行动”或“闭嘴”，你的意思是说，他们要么采取行动来实践他们所说的事情，要么停止谈论这些事情）
You keep saying you're going to ask her out. Well, put up or shut up.   你老是说要约她出来。那就去呀！否则就闭嘴。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put sb up to sth 
■to encourage someone to do something, usually something wrong    唆使（某人）做
I think he was put up to it by his friends.   我想他做那件事是他的朋友唆使的。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   put up with sth/sb 
 IMPROVER  
■to accept or continue to accept an unpleasant situation or experience, or someone who behaves unpleasantly    忍受，忍耐
I can put up with the house being untidy, but I hate it if it's not clean.   房子凌乱我能忍受，但我讨厌房子不干净。
He's so moody - I don't know why she puts up with him.   他太喜怒无常了——我不知道她为甚么要忍受他。
They have a lot to put up with (= They have a lot of difficulties).   他们遇到了很多困难。 (putting, put, put)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   be put upon informal 
■to be treated badly by someone who takes advantage of your wish to be helpful    被利用，被人占便宜
I'm fed up with being put upon by my boss all the time.   老是被老板利用，我受够了。




★☆☆   putative
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
adjective [before noun] 
■generally thought to be or to exist, whether or not this is really true    假定存在的，被认为存在的
The putative leader of the terrorist organization was arrested by police in Birmingham yesterday.   被认定为该恐怖组织头目的人昨天在伯明罕被警方逮捕了。



★☆☆   put-down
—————————————————
noun countable informal 
■an unkind remark that makes someone seem silly    贬低（或奚落）的话
One of the big put-downs of the American presidential election campaign was the comment that he was 'no Jack Kennedy'.   美国总统竞选活动中最厉害的奚落语之一就是他“绝不是杰克•甘乃迪”。



★☆☆   put-on
—————————————————
UK noun countable US informal 
■when a person tries to deceive someone into believing something that is not true    欺骗，愚弄
She's not really angry - it's just a put-on.   她没有真的生气，这只不过是装出来的。



★☆☆   putrefaction
—————————————————
 formal 
noun uncountable 
■the state of decaying    腐烂，腐败



★☆☆   putrefy
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
■to decay, producing a strong unpleasant smell    腐烂
the smell of putrefying flesh   腐肉的气味
The body had putrefied beyond recognition.   尸体已经腐烂得辨认不出来了。



★☆☆   putrid
—————————————————
adjective 
DECAYED  腐烂的  
■decayed and having an unpleasant smell    腐烂的，腐坏的
the putrid body of a dead fox   一只腐烂的死狐狸
What's that putrid smell ?   是甚么东西发出那股腐臭味？adjective 
UNPLEASANT  令人不快的     informal 
■very unpleasant or ugly    令人不快的；难看的
a dress in a putrid shade of yellow   难看的黄色连衣裙



★☆☆   putsch
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an attempt to remove a government by force    政变；起义；暴动



★☆☆   putt
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to hit a golf ball gently across an area of short and even grass towards or into a hole 
  （高尔夫球运动中）轻击球，推球入洞
Palmer putted the ball straight into the hole.   帕尔默直接把球推入洞中。
You need to use a special club for putting.   轻击球需要用特殊的球棒。noun countable 
■a gentle hit across short grass which sends a ball towards or into a hole    轻轻击球
She won the competition with an impressive six-metre putt.   她以一记令人惊叹的六米远推球入洞赢得了比赛的胜利。



★☆☆   putter
—————————————————
UK verb 
RELAX  放松  
intransitive usually + adverb or preposition US (UK potter) 
■to move about without hurrying and in a relaxed and pleasant way    闲荡，闲逛
He really enjoys puttering around in the garden.   他非常喜欢在花园里四处闲逛。UK verb 
MAKE NOISE  发出噪音  
intransitive 
■If a machine putters, it makes a low sound repeatedly, showing that it is working slowly. 
  （机器慢速运转时）噗噗作响UK noun 
GOLF  高尔夫球  
countable 
■a golf club (= stick for hitting a golf ball) with a short handle and metal end which is specially designed for putting 
  （高尔夫）轻击（球）棒
countable 
■someone who putts 
  （高尔夫）轻击者
He's a good putter.   他是一名优秀的轻击手。UK noun 
RELAXED  轻松的  
only singular US (UK potter) 
■a slow, relaxed walk around a place    闲荡，闲逛



★☆☆   putting green 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a small area of short grass on which people can gently hit golf balls into a series of holes for entertainment or to practise for a game of golf 
  （高尔夫球的）轻击区



★☆☆   putty
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a soft oily substance like clay which is used especially for fixing glass into window frames or for filling small holes in wood    油灰UK noun uncountable 
be (like) putty in sb's hands 
■to be willing to do anything someone wants you to, because you like them so much    易受（某人）摆布（或影响）



★☆☆   put-up job
—————————————————
UK US  informal 
noun countable usually singular 
■an attempt to trick or deceive someone    骗局，奸计
The scheme looked like a good investment, but it turned out that the whole thing was a put-up job.   这个方案看上去像是个不错的投资，但后来发现整件事只是一场骗局。



★☆☆   put-upon
—————————————————
UK US  informal 
adjective 
■having to do more than is fair in order to allow other people to get what they want in a situation    被利用的；被使唤的
I don't mind helping them, but I can't help feeling a bit put-upon.   我不介意帮他们，但我难免感到有点被利用了。



★☆☆   putz
—————————————————
 US slang 
noun countable 
■a stupid person    傻瓜，笨蛋



★☆☆   puy lentils
—————————————————
UK plural noun 
■very small, dark green, dried beans that are cooked and eaten    普伊扁豆（非常小的深绿色干扁豆，煮后食用）



★☆☆   puzzle
—————————————————
noun 
 ADVANCED  only singular 
■a situation which is difficult to understand    令人费解的情况；难题；谜
Scientists have been trying to solve this puzzle for years.   多年来科学家们一直试图解开这个谜。
 ADVANCED  countable 
■a game or toy in which you have to fit separate pieces together, or a problem or question which you have to answer by using your skill or knowledge    测验智力的游戏（或玩具）
a jigsaw puzzle   智力拼图玩具
a crossword puzzle   纵横字谜
a puzzle book   谜语书verb intransitive + adverb or preposition transitive 
■to cause someone to feel confused and slightly worried because they cannot understand something, or to think hard about something in order to understand it 
  （使）感到迷惑；（使）感到为难，（使）感到困窘
The findings of the survey puzzle me - they're not at all what I would have expected.   调查的结果使我感到迷惑——它们根本不像我原本预料的那样。
[+ question word] It puzzles me wh y she said that.   我想不通她为甚么那么说。
Management are still puzzling about/over how the accident could have happened.   管理部门仍然对事故发生的原因感到迷惑不解。verb intransitive + adverb or preposition transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] puzzle sth out 
■to discover or understand something by thinking hard about it    苦苦思索弄清楚
[+ question word] I still can't puzzle out how I managed to spend so much money last month.   我现在仍想不明白上个月怎么花了那么多钱。verb intransitive + adverb or preposition transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   puzzle over sth 
■to try to solve a problem or understand a situation by thinking carefully about it    为…绞尽脑汁，苦思冥想
Scientists are puzzling over the results of the research on the drug.   科学家们在仔细思考这种药的研究结果。




★☆☆   puzzled
—————————————————
adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■confused because you do not understand something    迷惑的，感到不解的
He had a puzzled look on his face.   他脸上露出了迷惑的表情。
I'm still puzzled as to why she said that.   她为甚么那么说我至今仍迷惑不解。
I'm a bit puzzled that I haven't heard from Liz for so long.   这么久没有收到丽滋的来信，我感到有些奇怪。



★☆☆   puzzlement
—————————————————
 formal 
noun uncountable 
■a state of confusion because you do not understand something    迷惑，困惑



★☆☆   puzzler
—————————————————
UK UK US informal 
noun countable 
■something that is difficult to explain or understand    令人困惑的事物，难解之事
I don't know what happened to the money - it's a real puzzler.   我不知道那笔钱去哪里了，真是怪事。



★☆☆   puzzling
—————————————————
adjective 
■difficult to explain or understand    令人迷惑的，令人不解的
It's a rather puzzling film.   这是一部很难懂的电影。
a puzzling situation   令人不解的情形



★☆☆   PVC
—————————————————
noun uncountable     abbreviation for 
■polyvinyl chloride: a type of plastic which is used especially for making clothes, floor coverings and bags    聚氯乙烯
Are those trousers leather or PVC?   那条裤子是皮的还是聚氯乙烯的？



★☆☆   p.w.
—————————————————
■UK abbreviation for 
■per week    每周，每星期
I am writing to inform you that your rent will be increased to £60 p.w. from October 1st.   特来信通知你从10月1日起房租将涨至每周60英镑。



★☆☆   PWA
—————————————————
noun countable    abbreviation for 
■person with AIDS (= a serious disease that destroys the body's ability to fight infection)    爱滋病患者



★☆☆   PWR
—————————————————
UK noun countable    specialized abbreviation for 
■pressurized water reactor: a device for producing nuclear power which uses water at high pressure to control the production of heat    加压水冷式反应器



★☆☆   PX
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a shop at a place where American soldiers live and work 
  （美国的）军人消费合作社，军中福利社；营站



★☆☆   Pygmy
—————————————————
(also Pigmy) ['p&#x26A;g.mi]
noun countable 
■a member of one of several groups of very small people who live in central Africa 
  （身材矮小的）俾格米人
Pygmies average about 1.5 metres in height.   俾格米人平均身高大约为1.5米。



★☆☆   pygmy
—————————————————
(also pigmy) ['p&#x26A;g.mi]
adjective [before noun] 
■describes an animal or bird which is one of a type which is smaller than animals or birds of that type usually are 
  （动物或鸟类）体型非常小的
a pygmy hippopotamus   矮小的河马
a pygmy owl   极小的猫头鹰(also pigmy) ['p&#x26A;g.mi]
noun countable    disapproving 
■someone who is not important or who has little skill    无足轻重的人；没甚么技能的人
a political pygmy   在政治上无足轻重的小人物
an intellectual pygmy   智力低下的人



★☆☆   pyjamas
—————————————————
(US usually pajamas) [p&#x26A;'d&#x292;&#x251;:.m&#x259;z]
plural noun 
 ADVANCED  mainly UK 
■soft loose clothing which is worn in bed and consists of trousers and a type of shirt    睡衣裤
I need a new pair of pyjamas.   我需要一套新的睡衣裤。
■loose trousers that are tied around the waist and worn by men and women in some Asian countries 
  （某些亚洲国家人所穿的）束腰宽松裤



★☆☆   pylon
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a tall steel structure to which wires carrying electricity are fixed so that they are safely held high above the ground 
  （架高压输电线的）电缆塔，高压电线架；铁塔
electricity pylons   电缆塔
■a tall tower or post which shows where aircraft should land 
  （机场的）标塔，指示塔



★☆☆   PYO
—————————————————
UK ■abbreviation for 
■'pick your own', used in signs outside farms where people can pick fruit and vegetables themselves and then pay for the amount they have picked 
  （农场标语）自己采摘
PYO strawberries   可自己采摘的草莓



★☆☆   pyramid
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a solid object with a flat square base and four flat triangular sides which slope toward each other and meet to form a point at the top    角锥；金字塔
■a pile of things which has the shape of a pyramid    摆成金字塔形的一堆东西
The acrobats formed a pyramid by standing on each other's shoulders.   杂技演员一个站上另一个的肩膀上表演叠罗汉。
figurative Many organizations have a pyramid structure (= there are fewer people at the top levels of them than there are at the bottom).   许多团体呈现金字塔式的组织结构。



★☆☆   pyramidal
—————————————————
 specialized 
adjective 
■having a pyramid shape    角锥体的，棱锥体的；金字塔形的



★☆☆   pyramid scheme
—————————————————
US 
noun countable 
■a way of deceiving investors (= people giving money to acompany hoping to get more back) in which money that a company receives from new customers is not invested to their advantage, but is used instead to pay debts owed to existing customers    金字塔型投资（公司从新客户处搜集资金并非是为了他们的利益投资，而是用于清还旧帐的一种欺骗投资者的方式）；老鼠会



★☆☆   pyramid selling 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■in business, when someone buys the right to sell a company's goods, and then sells the goods to other people. These people then sell the goods to other people.    金字塔型销售术；传销；老鼠会



★☆☆   pyre
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a large pile of wood on which a dead body is burnt in some parts of the world    火葬堆
A traditional Hindu custom used to involve widows burning themselves alive on their husbands' funeral pyres.   印度过去有一个传统习俗，就是将寡妇在丈夫的火葬堆上活活烧死殉葬。



★☆☆   Pyrex
—————————————————
 trademark 
noun uncountable 
■a type of glass that does not break when it is heated, so it is used for making containers that are used for cooking    耐热玻璃（用于制造炊具）
a Pyrex dish/bowl   耐热玻璃盘／碗



★☆☆   pyrites
—————————————————
noun uncountable specialized 
■a shiny yellow mineral containing sulphur and a metal, usually iron    硫化矿，黄铁矿（一种有光泽的黄色矿物，含硫和一种金属，通常是铁）



★☆☆   pyromania
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a mental illness in which a person feels an uncontrollable wish to start fires    纵火狂，放火癖



★☆☆   pyromaniac
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who suffers from pyromania    纵火狂



★☆☆   pyrotechnics
—————————————————
UK plural noun 
■a public show of fireworks    焰火，烟火表演
■a show of great skill, especially by a musician or someone giving a speech 
  （尤指音乐家或演讲者）出神入化的表演，出色的表现
His verbal pyrotechnics could hold an audience spellbound.   他出色的口才能迷倒听众。



★☆☆   Pyrrhic victory
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular 
■a victory which is not worth winning because the winner has lost so much in winning it    以极大代价换取的胜利，得不偿失的胜利
She won the court case, but it was a Pyrrhic victory because she had to pay so much in legal fees.   她赢了这场官司，但得不偿失，因为她得支付高额诉讼费。



★☆☆   python
—————————————————
UK US  (plural pythons or python)
noun countable 
■a very large snake that kills animals for food by wrapping itself around them and crushing them    蚺，巨蟒



★☆☆   pzazz
—————————————————
 informal 
noun uncountable 
■pizzazz 



★☆☆   pâté
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■a thick smooth soft savoury mixture made from meat, fish or vegetables    肉酱；鱼酱；蔬菜酱
liver/salmon/vegetarian pâté   肝／鲑鱼／素食酱



Q
★☆☆   Q
—————————————————
 (plural Q's or Qs)
noun 
LETTER  字母     (also q (plural q's)) countable 
■the 17th letter of the English alphabet    英语字母表的第17个字母 (plural Q's or Qs)
noun 
QUESTION  问题     (also q) written abbreviation for 
■question (ASKING) 



★☆☆   Q and A 
—————————————————
adjective [before noun]    mainly US abbreviation for 
■question and answer    问答
The textbook has a Q and A section at the end of each chapter.   该教材每章的结尾都附有问答集。



★☆☆   Qatar
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Qatar    卡塔尔



★☆☆   Qatari
—————————————————
UK noun countable adjective 
■Qatari    卡塔尔人／卡塔尔的



★☆☆   QC
—————————————————
noun countable    abbreviation for 
■Queen's Counsel: a high-ranking British lawyer 
  （英国）皇家法律顾问
A QC is a senior barrister.   皇家法律顾问为高级出庭律师。
Charles Gordon, QC   查理斯‧戈登，皇家室法律顾问    Compare KC



★☆☆   QED
—————————————————
 specialized 
■* written after an argument in mathematics to show that you have proven something that you wanted to prove    证毕，证讫 ，以上得证



★☆☆   qt 
—————————————————
■written abbreviation for    * quart 



★☆☆   Q-Tip
—————————————————
noun countable    US trademark for 
■cotton bud 



★☆☆   qua
—————————————————
 formal 
preposition 
■as a particular example of something, or the general idea of something    作为（范例或主旨）
Qua musician, he lacks skill, but his playing is lively and enthusiastic.   身为音乐家，他虽然缺乏技巧，但他的演奏轻快而又充满热情。



★☆☆   quack
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
■to make the usual sound of a duck 
  （鸭子）呱呱叫，嘎嘎叫
The ducks started quacking loudly when we threw them some bread.   当我们向那些鸭子扔面包时，它们便呱呱地大叫起来。noun countable 
PERSON  骗子     disapproving 
■a person who dishonestly pretends to have medical skills or knowledge    冒牌医生，江湖医生，庸医，江湖郎中
■UK informal often disapproving 
■a doctor    医生
Have you seen a quack about that cough?   你去医生那儿看咳嗽了吗？noun countable 
SOUND  声音  
countable 
■the sound that a duck makes 
  （鸭子）呱呱的叫声，嘎嘎的叫声



★☆☆   quackery
—————————————————
UK US disapproving 
noun uncountable 
■medical methods that do not work and are only intended to make money    庸医的医术



★☆☆   quad
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
PERSON  人     informal for 
■quadruplet UK noun countable 
SQUARE SPACE  四方场地，方形场地     (formal quadrangle) 
■a square space outside, which has buildings on all four sides, especially in a school or college 
  （尤指中小学或大学中周围有建筑物的）四方院，四方场地



★☆☆   quad bike 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a motor vehicle similar to a motorcycle with four wheels    四轮电单车，四轮机车



★☆☆   quadrant
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
PART OF CIRCLE  圆周的一部分     specialized 
■a quarter of a circle    四分之一圆周
■a quarter of an area    四分之一区域
The river runs through the southwest quadrant of the city.   那条河流经城市的西南区。UK noun countable 
DEVICE  仪器     specialized 
■a device for measuring the height of stars in the sky which was used in the past for calculating directions when travelling across the sea    象限仪



★☆☆   quadraphonic
—————————————————
(UK also quadrophonic) UK adjective 
■(of an electronic system of recording, playing or receiving sound) having sound coming from four different directions 
  （电子录放、接收装置）四声道的    Compare mono ; stereo



★☆☆   quadratic equation
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an equation (= mathematical statement) which includes an unknown value that is multiplied by itself only once, and which does not include an unknown value multiplied by itself more than once    二次方程式
In the quadratic equation, 2y 2 +3y=14, y=2 or y=-3½.   在二次方程式2y2+3y=14中，y=2或y=-3½



★☆☆   quadrilateral
—————————————————
UK US specialized 
noun countable 
■a flat shape with four straight sides    四边形
Squares and rectangles are quadrilaterals.   正方形和长方形都是四边形。



★☆☆   quadriplegic
—————————————————
(Australian quadruplegic) UK noun countable 
■a person who is permanently unable to move any of their arms or legs, often because their spine has been injured    四肢瘫痪者



★☆☆   quadruped
—————————————————
UK US specialized 
noun countable 
■any animal that has four legs    四足动物
Horses, lions and dogs are quadrupeds, but humans are bipeds.   马、狮子和狗都是四足动物，但人是两足动物。    Compare biped



★☆☆   quadruple 
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive UK ■four times as big 
a quadruple measure   四倍大小
We have had quadruple the number of applicants we expected.   申请人数是我们预计的四倍。
■involving four parts, people, places, etc    包括四部分、四人、四个地方等的
a quadruple fracture of his thumb   他的拇指有四处骨折



★☆☆   quadruplet
—————————————————
UK US  (informal quad) 
noun countable 
■any of four children who are born to the same mother at the same time    四胞胎之一



★☆☆   quaff
—————————————————
UK US  old-fashioned 
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to drink something quickly or in large amounts    痛饮，喝大量 ，大口喝



★☆☆   quaffable
—————————————————
UK  US  humorous 
adjective 
■If an alcoholic drink is quaffable, it is easy and pleasant to drink a lot of it 
  （酒）味美的，醇和的，顺口的
This wine is very quaffable, isn't it?   这酒很顺口，不是吗？



★☆☆   quagmire
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an area of soft wet ground which you sink into if you try and walk on it    沼泽地，泥潭
At the end of the match, the pitch was a real quagmire.   在比赛的最后阶段，场地是一片泥泞。
■a difficult and dangerous situation    困境，危险的境地
Since the coup, the country has sunk deeper into a quagmire of violence and lawlessness.   自政变以来，该国陷入了暴力肆虐、无法无天的境地，而且情况越来越严重。



★☆☆   quail
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable (plural quail or quails)
■a small brown bird which is shot for sport or food, or the meat of this bird    鹌鹑
Quails' eggs are considered to be a delicacy.   鹌鹑蛋被视为美味的佳肴。verb intransitive literary 
■to feel or show fear; to want to be able to move away from something because you fear it    害怕；退缩
Charlie quailed at the sound of his mother's angry voice.   查理听到他母亲愤怒的声音，心里不由得感到害怕。
She quailed before her boss's anger.   她在老板发怒前退缩了。



★☆☆   quaint
—————————————————
adjective 
■attractive because of being unusual and especially old-fashioned    别致的；（尤指）古雅的
a quaint old cottage   古朴别致的旧式小屋
■Quaint can also be used to show that you do not approve of something, especially an opinion, belief or way of behaving, because it is strange or old-fashioned 
  （观点、信仰或行为方式）奇怪的，不合逻辑的，过时的
"What a quaint idea!" she said, laughing at him.   “多奇怪的想法啊！ ”她嘲笑他说。



★☆☆   quake
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
■to shake because you are very frightened or find something very funny, or to feel or show great fear    颤抖，哆嗦
Every time I get on a plane, I quake with fear.   我每次上飞机都吓得浑身发抖。
Charlie stood outside the head teacher's office, quaking in his boots/shoes (= feeling very frightened).   查理站在校长办公室门外，吓得直发抖。
The play was so funny, we were all quaking with laughter.   这出电影太有趣了，逗得我们捧腹大笑。noun countable    informal for 
■earthquake 



★☆☆   Quaker
—————————————————
UK US (also Friend) 
noun countable 
■a member of a Christian group called the Society of Friends, which does not have formal ceremonies or a formal system of beliefs, and which is strongly opposed to violence and war 
  （基督教）贵格会教徒，公谊会教徒



★☆☆   qualification
—————————————————
UK noun 
TRAINING  培训  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■an official record showing that you have finished a training course or have the necessary skills, etc    合格证书，资格证明
You'll never get a good job if you don't have any qualifications.   你要是没有任何资格证明就永远得不到一份好工作。
Do you have any teaching/legal/medical/secretarial/academic qualifications?   你有没有教师/法律/医学/秘书/学术的资格证明？
countable or uncountable 
■an ability, characteristic or experience that makes you suitable for a particular job or activity    资历，资格；条件；合格性
Some nursing experience is a necessary qualification for this job.   这份工作的必要条件是必须具备一定的护理经验。
[+ to infinitive] One of the qualifications you need to work here is a sense of humour!   在这里工作所要具备的条件之一是幽默感！UK noun 
LIMIT  限制  
countable 
■a piece of information that you add which limits the effect of something    限制（附加的限制条件）
[+ that] The doctor said I can leave hospital today, but with the qualification that I've got to come back every day to have the dressing changed.   医生说我可以今天出院，不过条件是要每天回来换绷带。



★☆☆   qualified
—————————————————
UK adjective 
TRAINED  培训  
 IMPROVER  
■having finished a training course, or having particular skills, etc    有资格的；合格的，胜任的
Tim is now a qualified architect.   提姆现在是一个合格的建筑师了。
What makes you think that you are qualified for this job?   甚么使你觉得自己有资格从事这份工作？
[+ to infinitive] I'm not qualified to give advice on such matters.   在这样的事情上我没有资格提出建议。UK adjective 
LIMITED  限制  
■limited    有限制的
There seems to be qualified support for the idea.   对这个观点的认同似乎有所保留。



★☆☆   qualifier
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
GET INTO COMPETITION  参赛  
■a team or person who has won part of a competition and is therefore competing in the next part of it    初胜的人（或队），入围者
The qualifiers from the first round will go into the quarter final.   通过第一回合比赛者将进入四分之一决赛。
■a game from which the winner will go on to compete in the next part of a competition    预赛，淘汰赛
Belgium and Italy are playing in tonight's qualifier.   比利时队和义大利队将在今晚的预赛中交手。UK noun countable 
GRAMMAR  文法     specialized 
■in grammar, a word or phrase which limits the meaning of another word or phrase, or makes it less general, such as an adjective or adverb    修饰词，修饰语；限定语



★☆☆   qualify
—————————————————
UK verb 
FINISH TRAINING  完成培训  
 ADVANCED  intransitive or transitive 
■to successfully finish a training course so that you are able to do a job; to have or achieve the necessary skills, etc 
  （使）具有资格，（使）合格
She hopes to qualify (as a lawyer) at the end of the year.   她希望在年底取得（律师）资格。
[+ obj + to infinitive] This course qualifies you to teach in any secondary school.   这个课程可以让你取得在任何中学任教的资格。UK verb 
HAVE RIGHT  有权  
 ADVANCED  intransitive or transitive 
■to have the legal right to have or do something because of the situation you are in, or to cause someone to have such a right    有资格；准予；有权
She doesn't qualify for maternity leave because she hasn't been in her job long enough.   她无权休产假，因为她任职的时间不够长。
To qualify for the competition you need to be over 18.   18岁以上才有资格参赛。
Being a single parent qualifies you for extra benefits.   单亲父母有资格领取额外补贴。
[+ obj + to infinitive] figurative He thinks the fact that he's worked here longer than the rest of us qualifies him (= gives him the right) to tell us all what to do.   他觉得自己在这里工作的时间比其他人长，所以有权发号施令。UK verb 
GET INTO COMPETITION  进入比赛  
intransitive 
■to succeed in getting into a competition    取得比赛资格
Nigeria was the first team to qualify for the World Cup.   奈及利亚队是第一支取得世界杯参赛资格的球队。
England has to win tonight's qualifying match to go through to the next round of the competition.   英格兰队必须在今晚的资格赛中获胜才能进入下一轮比赛。UK verb 
LIMIT  限制  
transitive 
■to limit the strength or meaning of a statement    限制，限定；缓和
I'd like to qualify my criticisms of the school's failings, by adding that it's a very happy place.   关于我对这所学校不尽人意之处的批评我想补充一点，就是这是一个令人感到愉快的地方。
transitive specialized 
■In grammar, a word or phrase which qualifies another word or phrase limits its meaning and makes it less general    修饰；限定
In the sentence 'He walked quickly along the road', 'quickly' and 'along the road' qualify 'walked'.   在 He walked quickly along the road 这句话里，quickly 和 along the road 修饰 walked。



★☆☆   qualitative
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
adjective 
STANDARD  质量，品质  
■relating to how good or bad something is    质量上的，品质上的；性质上的
Is there any qualitative difference between these two video recorders?   这两台录影机在品质上有差别吗？UK US  formal 
adjective 
CHARACTERISTIC  性质  
■relating to what something or someone is like    质的，性质上的
There has been a qualitative change in the relationship between the public and the government.   民众和政府之间的关系有了性质上的改变。    Compare quantitative



★☆☆   quality
—————————————————
UK noun 
STANDARD  标准  
 ESSENTIAL  countable or uncountable 
■how good or bad something is    质量，品级，品质
a shop advertising top quality electrical goods   以高品质电器为口号的商店
The food was of such poor/low quality.   这种食品的品质很差。
Their products are of very high quality.   他们产品的品质很高。
I only buy good-quality wine.   我只买好酒。
The quality of the picture on our television isn't very good.   我们电视的画面品质不好。
 ESSENTIAL  uncountable 
■a high standard    优质
He's not interested in quality. All he cares about is making money.   他对品质的高低毫不在意，一心只是想赚钱。
quality of life 
■the level of enjoyment, comfort and health in someone's life    生活质量，生活品质
My quality of life has improved tremendously since I moved to the country.   移居该国以来，我的生活品质大幅提高。UK noun 
CHARACTERISTIC  特点  
 ADVANCED  countable 
■a characteristic or feature of someone or something    品质；特性
leadership qualities   领导者的素质
He has a lot of good qualities but being organized isn't one of them.   他有很多优点，但就是缺乏条理。
[+ to infinitive] I don't think he has the right qualities to be a teacher.   我认为他没有具备做老师的条件。
This cheese has a rather rubbery quality to it (= it is like rubber).   这种起司非常有弹性。UK adjective 
[before noun] 
■of a high standard    优质的，优良的，高级的
This is a quality product.   这是高级产品。
mainly UK The story received little coverage in the quality papers (= more serious newspapers).   内容严肃的报纸几乎没有报导这一则新闻。
[after verb] informal 
■very good    很好的
That gig was quality.   那场演奏会很精彩。



★☆☆   quality control 
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■the process of looking at goods when they are being produced to make certain that all the goods are of the intended standard    质量控制，质量管理 ，品质管制



★☆☆   quality time 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■time that you spend with someone, giving them your full attention because you value the relationship 
  （用于全心照顾某人的）宝贵时光，优质时间
He makes sure he spends a few hours quality time with his children every day.   他确保自己每天都能抽出几小时的宝贵时间陪来伴孩子们。



★☆☆   qualm
—————————————————
noun countable usually plural 
■an uncomfortable feeling of doubt about whether you are doing the right thing    疑虑；内疚；不安
She had no qualms about lying to the police.   她向警方说谎但一点也不觉得心虚。



★☆☆   quandary
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular 
■a state of not being able to decide what to do about a situation in which you are involved    困境；犹豫不决
I've had two job offers, and I'm in a real quandary about/over which one to accept.   我有两个工作机会，但不知该接受哪个，真是左右为难。



★☆☆   quango
—————————————————
UK  US (plural quangos)    often disapproving 
noun countable 
■an organization which is established by a government to consider a subject of public importance, but which is independent from the government    半官方机构



★☆☆   quantifiable
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■able to be measured    可度量的
The benefits of the new policy are not easily quantifiable.   新政策所带来的好处不容易量化。



★☆☆   quantifier
—————————————————
UK US specialized 
noun countable 
■a word or phrase which is used before a noun to show the amount of it that is being considered 
  （数）量词
'Some', 'many', 'a lot of' and 'a few' are examples of quantifiers.   some, many, a lot of 和 a few 这几个都是量词。



★☆☆   quantify
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to measure or judge the size or amount of something    确定…的大小（或数量）
It's difficult to quantify how many people will be affected by the change.   很难确定将有多少人受到该变化的影响。



★☆☆   quantitative
—————————————————
UK US  specialized 
adjective 
■relating to numbers or amounts    定量的
quantitative analysis   定量分析    Compare qualitative



★☆☆   quantity
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the amount or number of something, especially that can be measured or is fixed 
  （尤指可测量或确定的）量，数量，分量
Police found a large/small quantity of drugs in his possession.   警方发现他携带大/少量的毒品。
We consumed vast quantities of food and drink that night.   那天晚上我们大吃大喝了一顿。
The (sheer)quantity (= large amount) of equipment needed for the trip is staggering.   这次旅行所需的装备数实在多得惊人。
They are now developing ways to produce the vaccine in large quantities and cheaply.   目前他们正在研究怎样大量且廉价地生产这种疫苗。
This recipe is only for four, so I usually do double the quantity if I'm cooking for my family.   这食谱的份量只够4个人吃，所以我在为全家人煮饭时通常会做双倍的份量。
It's quality not quantity that really counts.   真正重要的是质量而非数量。



★☆☆   quantity surveyor
—————————————————
UK 
noun countable 
■a person whose job is to calculate the cost of the materials and work needed for future building work 
  （建筑）物料测量师，估料师



★☆☆   quantum
—————————————————
UK US  (plural quanta)    specialized 
noun countable 
■the smallest amount or unit of something, especially energy    量子
quantum theory   量子理论



★☆☆   quantum leap 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a great improvement or important development in something    飞跃，重大进展
The appointment of a female director is a quantum leap for women's equality.   任命一名女局长从男女平等方面来说是个很大的进展。



★☆☆   quantum mechanics
—————————————————
specialized 
plural noun 
■in physics, a theory that explains the behaviour of elementary particles , both separately and in groups    量子力学



★☆☆   quarantine
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a period of time during which an animal or person that might have a disease is kept away from other people or animals so that the disease cannot spread    隔离检疫期
The horse had to spend several months in quarantine when it reached Britain.   那匹马到达英国后要进行几个月的隔离检疫。UK verb transitive 
■to put an animal or person in quarantine    隔离（动物或人）



★☆☆   quark
—————————————————
UK US  specialized 
noun countable 
■in physics, one of the most basic forms of matter that make up the heavier elementary particles    夸克
Atoms are made up of smaller particles - protons, neutrons and electrons - some of which are made up of even smaller ones, called quarks.   原子是由更小的粒子——质子、中子和电子所组成的，其中有些粒子是由更小称为夸克的粒子所构成的。



★☆☆   quarrel
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■an angry disagreement between two or more people or groups    争吵，不和
They had a bitter quarrel about/over some money three years ago and they haven't spoken to each other since.   他们三年前因为钱的问题有过一次激烈的争吵，从此以后就互不理睬了。
We have no quarrel with the people of your country (= We have no reason to disagree with or dislike them).   我们没有理由对贵国的人民感到不满。
They seem to have patched up their quarrel (= finished their disagreement and started to be friendly).   他们似乎在争吵后言归于好了。UK verb intransitive (-ll- or US USUALLY -l-)
■to have an angry disagreement with someone    争吵，不和
What did you quarrel about/over ?   你们为甚么而争吵？
She quarrelled with everyone in the village.   她跟村里的每一个人都争吵过。UK verb intransitive (-ll- or US USUALLY -l-)
  Phrasal Verbs   quarrel with sth 
■to think that something is wrong    认为某事物是错的
No one can quarrel with the improvements that have been made.   没有人能否定已经取得的改善。




★☆☆   quarrelsome
—————————————————
UK US  disapproving 
adjective 
■A quarrelsome person repeatedly argues with other people.    爱争吵的；好口角的



★☆☆   quarry
—————————————————
UK noun 
HOLE  坑  
countable 
■a large artificial hole in the ground where stone, sand, etc. is dug for use as building material    采石场
a granite/limestone/marble/slate quarry   花岗岩/石灰岩/大理石/板岩的采石场UK noun 
HUNTED  被猎捕的  
only singular 
■a person or animal being hunted or looked for    猎取的目标；猎物；追捕的对象
The dogs pursued their quarry into an empty warehouse.   那几只狗追逐着猎物进了一个空置的仓库。UK verb transitive 
■to dig stone, etc. from a quarry    采石



★☆☆   quart
—————————————————
UK US  (written abbreviation qt) 
noun countable 
■a unit of measurement for liquids, equal to approximately 1.14 litres in Britain, or 0.95 litres in the US    夸脱（液体单位，英制中约为1.14升，美制中约为0.95升）
A quart is so called because it is a quarter of a gallon.   夸脱（quart）因为它等于四分之一加仑（a quarter of a gallon）而得名。



★☆☆   quarter
—————————————————
UK noun 
FOURTH PART  四分之一  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■one of four equal or almost equal parts of something; ¼    四分之一；¼
He cut the orange into quarters.   他把橘子切成了4块。
Under a quarter of people questioned said that they were happily married.   不到1/4的受访者表示他们的婚姻很幸福。
My house is situated a mile and three-quarters from here.   我的房子距离这里1.75英里。
a quarter of an hour 
 ESSENTIAL  
■15 minutes    十五分钟，一刻钟
I waited a quarter of an hour and then went home.   我等了十五分钟然后就回家了。
I was there three-quarters of an hour.   我在那里逗留了四十五分钟。
an hour and three-quarters   1小时45分钟
a quarter to two/three/four etc. (also US a quarter of two/three/four, etc.) 
 ESSENTIAL  
■ 15 minutes before two/three/four, etc    差十五分钟两点/三点/四点等
It was a quarter to six when I left.   我离开时差十五分钟到六点。
a quarter past two/three/four etc. (also US a quarter after two/three/four, etc.) 
 ESSENTIAL  
■also US after two/three/four, etc. 15 minutes after two/three/four, etc    两点/三点/四点等过十五分钟
I'll meet you at a quarter past five.   我们五点十五分见。
countable 
■one of four periods of time into which a year is divided for financial calculations, such as for profits or taxes    季度
There was a fall in unemployment in the second quarter of the year.   今年第二季的失业率有所下降。
I get an electricity bill every quarter.   我每季都会收到一份电费帐单。
countable 
■one of four periods in a game of American football and other ball sports 
  （橄榄球赛或其他球赛的）一节，一局UK noun 
MONEY  金钱  
countable 
■in the US and Canada, a coin worth 25 cents 
  （美国和加拿大的）25分硬币UK noun 
AREA  地区  
countable 
■an area of a town where a particular group of people live or work or where a particular activity happens 
  （城镇的）区
This is the bustling commercial quarter of the city.   这里是该城繁华的商业区。UK noun 
PEOPLE  人  
countable 
■one or more people who provide help, information or a particular reaction to something but who are not usually named 
  （提供帮助、讯息或作出反应的）个人，群体
Help came from an unexpected quarter.   伸出援手的是个意料之外的人。
There is a feeling in certain/some quarters (= Some people consider) that a change is needed.   有些人认为有需要进行一次变革。UK noun 
PLACE TO LIVE  住处  
quarters [plural] 
■a room or house that has been provided, especially for servants or soldiers and their families, to live in 
  （尤指）仆人的住处，部队的营房
The army's married quarters are just outside the town.   已婚军人的营房就在城外不远地方。UK noun 
FORGIVENESS  宽恕  
uncountable literary 
■a show of kindness and forgiveness towards a person that you have defeated, especially in allowing them to live 
  （对败者的）宽恕，仁慈，（尤指）饶命
We can expect no quarter from our enemies.   我们不能指望敌人会饶恕我们。UK verb 
CUT INTO FOUR  切成四部分  
transitive often passive 
■to cut something into four parts    把…切成四部分UK verb 
SOLDIER  士兵  
transitive usually passive [+ adv/prep] 
■to send especially soldiers to live in a place    使（尤指部队）驻扎
The soldiers were quartered with (= they lived with) local villagers during the war.   在战争期间，士兵们住在当地村民的家里。



★☆☆   quarterback
—————————————————
UK US mainly US 
noun countable 
■(in American football) the player who receives the ball at the start of every play and tries to move it along the field 
  （橄榄球比赛中发动进攻的）四分卫



★☆☆   quarterdeck
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the highest part of the deck at the back of a ship    上层的后甲板
The quarterdeck is usually reserved for officers.   上层的后甲板通常是供军官使用的。



★☆☆   quarterfinal
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■any of the four games in a competition that decides which players or teams will play in the two semi-finals    四分之一决赛，半决赛前的比赛



★☆☆   quarterly
—————————————————
UK adjective adverb 
■done or produced four times a year    一年四次的，每季进行或制作的
a quarterly magazine   季刊杂志
The magazine will be published quarterly.   这份杂志每季出版一期。



★☆☆   quarter note 
—————————————————
noun countable    US for 
■crotchet 



★☆☆   quartet
—————————————————
UK noun 
countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a group of four people who play musical instruments or sing as a group    四重奏乐团；四重唱组合
A string quartet was playing Mozart.   一个弦乐四重奏乐团正在演奏莫劄特的乐曲。UK noun 
countable 
■a piece of music written for four people    四重奏（曲）；四重唱（曲）
He has composed 14 quartets and 11 symphonies.   他谱写了14首四重奏和11首交响乐。



★☆☆   quartz
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a hard colourless mineral substance, used in making electronic equipment and accurate watches and clocks    石英



★☆☆   quasar
—————————————————
UK US  specialized 
noun countable 
■the centre of a galaxy (= group of stars) that is very far away, producing large amounts of energy    类星体



★☆☆   quash
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
REFUSE  拒绝  
■to state officially that something, especially an earlier official decision, is no longer to be accepted    撤销，废止，宣布…无效
His conviction was quashed in March 1986 after his counsel argued that the police evidence was a tissue of lies.   他的辩护人举证说明了警方的证据是一派谎言，于是在1986年3月撤销了对他的判决。UK verb transitive 
STOP  使停止  
■to forcefully stop something that you do not want to happen    镇压，平息
The revolt was swiftly quashed by government troops.   叛乱很快就被政府军镇压住了。
The company moved quickly to quash rumours/speculation that it is losing money.   公司迅速地采取行动，平息了亏损的谣言。



★☆☆   quasi-
—————————————————
prefix 
■used to show that something is almost, but not completely, the thing described    类似于；准
The school uniform is quasi-military in style.   这种校服的样式类似于军装。



★☆☆   quatrain
—————————————————
UK US  specialized 
noun countable 
■a group of four lines in a poem    四行诗节



★☆☆   quaver
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive 
■(of a person's voice) to sound shaky, especially because of emotion 
  （声音）颤抖
Her voice began to quaver and I thought she was going to cry.   她的声音开始颤抖，我想她快要哭了。UK noun 
MUSICAL NOTE  音符  
countable mainly UK (US usually eighth note) specialized 
■a musical note that is half as long as a crotchet    八分音符UK noun 
SHAKE  抖动  
only singular 
■a slight shake in someone's voice, especially because of emotion 
  （声音）颤抖
There was a quaver in her voice as she thanked her staff for all their support.   当她感谢她的员工所给予的一切支持时，她的声音在颤抖。



★☆☆   quay
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a long structure, usually built of stone, where boats can be tied up to take on and off their goods    泊岸，码头



★☆☆   quayside
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■the edge of a quay, near the water    码头区，泊岸
The animals were unloaded on/at the quayside.   动物在码头被卸下。



★☆☆   queasy
—————————————————
adjective 
■likely to vomit    要呕吐，恶心的
I started to feel queasy as soon as the boat left the harbour.   船一离港我就开始感到恶心。
Just the thought of blood makes me queasy.   一想到血我就想吐。



★☆☆   Quebec
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Quebec    魁北克



★☆☆   Quebecois
—————————————————
noun countable adjective 
■Quebecois    魁北克人／魁北克的



★☆☆   queen
—————————————————
noun countable 
WOMAN  女人  
 ESSENTIAL  
■a woman who rules a country because she has been born into a royal family, or a woman who is married to a king    女王；王后
How long did Queen Victoria reign ?   维多利亚女王在位多久？
The Queen is meeting the Prime Minister today.   今天女王要接见首相。
■any woman who is considered to be the best at what she does    杰出的女性，女杰
She's the reigning queen of crime writers.   她是当今首屈一指的犯罪小说作家。
■the most powerful piece on the board in the game of chess 
  （国际象棋中的）后
■in a group of insects, a single large female that produces eggs 
  （一群昆虫中产卵的）后，王
a queen bee   蜂王
a queen ant   蚁后
a queen wasp   黄蜂王
■in a set of playing cards, a card with a picture of a queen on it. It is usually worth less than a king. 
  （纸牌中的）皇后noun countable 
HOMOSEXUAL  同性恋者     slang offensive 
■a homosexual man, especially an older man, whose way of behaving is noticeable and artificial 
  （举止明显像女人的）同性恋男子；（尤指）老同性恋男子
James is such an old queen.   詹姆斯是一个老同性恋者。



★☆☆   Queen Anne's lace
—————————————————
 mainly US 
noun uncountable 
■cow parsley 



★☆☆   Queen Mother 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■the mother of the king or queen who is ruling 
  （王）太后



★☆☆   Queen's evidence
—————————————————
 legal 
noun uncountable 
■evidence from someone who has been accused of committing a crime, given against the people who were accused with them, in order to have their own punishment reduced    被控犯人所提供共犯者的罪证
⇨ See also King's evidence;state's evidence
turn Queen's evidence 
■to give evidence against someone else in this way    供出共犯者的罪证；揭发其他共犯



★☆☆   queenside
—————————————————
 specialized 
noun uncountable 
■in the game of chess , the side of the board where your queen is at the start of the game    后翼（国际象棋中开局时“后”所在的一边）



★☆☆   queer
—————————————————
UK adjective 
HOMOSEXUAL  同性恋的     offensive 
■(especially of a man) homosexual 
  （尤指男子）同性恋的UK adjective 
STRANGE  奇怪的     old-fashioned 
■strange, unusual or not expected    怪异的，古怪的，异常的
What a queer thing to say!   多么奇怪的事啊！
I'm feeling rather queer (= ill) , may I sit down?   我感觉很不舒服，可以坐下吗？UK noun countable offensive 
■a homosexual, especially a man    同性恋者；（尤指）男同性恋者UK verb UK informal 
queer sb's pitch 
■to spoil a chance or an opportunity for someone, often on purpose 
  （故意）破坏（某人的）机会
If she asks Ian for a pay rise before I do, it will probably queer my pitch.   要是她比我先向伊恩提出加薪的要求，那可能会毁了我加薪的机会。



★☆☆   queer bashing
—————————————————
slang 
noun uncountable 
■when people are physically attacked and hurt because they are homosexual    对同性恋者的攻击殴打



★☆☆   quell
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to stop something, especially by using force 
  （尤其指透过武力）制止，平息；镇压
Police in riot gear were called in to quell the disturbances/unrest.   身穿防暴装的员警奉命前来平息骚乱。
This latest setback will have done nothing to quell the growing doubts about the future of the club.   最近一次的挫折对消除人们对俱乐部前景与日俱增的疑虑没有一点好处。



★☆☆   quench
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to satisfy your thirst by having a drink    解渴
When it's hot, it's best to quench your thirst with water.   大热天里最好喝水解渴。
■literary 
■to cause a fire to stop burning with water    扑灭，熄灭
The flames were quenched by heavy rain.   大雨淋熄了熊熊的烈火。
■to satisfy a need or wish    满足
Her thirst for knowledge will never be quenched.   她的求知欲是永无止境的。



★☆☆   querulous
—————————————————
adjective 
■often complaining, especially in a weak high voice    爱抱怨的，爱发牢骚的
He became increasingly dissatisfied and querulous in his old age.   到了晚年，他愈感不满，牢骚不断。



★☆☆   query
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a question, often expressing doubt about something or looking for an answer from an authority    疑问，问题
If you have any queries about your treatment, the doctor will answer them.   医生将解答您对治疗的任何疑问。UK verb transitive 
■to ask questions, especially in order to check if something is true    提问；质问，怀疑
A few students have queried their marks.   有几个学生对他们的分数表示怀疑。
[+ question word] She queried wh ether three months was long enough.   她问三个月是否够长。
[+ speech] "Any chance of a cup of tea?" he queried hopefully.   “能否喝杯茶？”他满怀希望地问。



★☆☆   quest
—————————————————
 literary 
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a long search for something that is difficult to find, or an attempt to achieve something difficult    探索；寻求；追求
Nothing will stop them in their quest for truth.   没有甚么可以阻止他们对真理的追求。
She went to India on a spiritual quest.   她为了追求宗教而去印度。
[+ to infinitive] She does aerobics four times a week in her quest to achieve the perfect body.   为了锻炼完美的身材，她一周做四次有氧健身操。



★☆☆   question
—————————————————
noun 
ASKING  提问  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a sentence or phrase used to find out information    问题
The police asked me questions all day.   员警盘问了我一整天。
Why won't you answer my question?   你为甚么不回答我的问题？
"So where is the missing money?" " That's a good question." (= I don't know the answer.)   “那么遗失的钱在哪儿呢？”“问得好。”
There will be a question -and-answer session (= a period when people can ask questions) at the end of the talk.   演讲结束前有一段问答时间。
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■in an examination, a problem that tests a person's knowledge or ability    试题，题目
Answer/Do as many questions as you can.   尽可能多做些题目。noun 
PROBLEM  问题  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■any matter that needs to be dealt with or considered    问题，事情
This raises the question of teacher pay.   这引出了关于教师薪水的问题。
What are your views on the Northern Irish question?   你对于北爱尔兰的问题有甚么看法？
 ESSENTIAL  uncountable 
■doubt or confusion    怀疑，疑惑，疑问
There's no question about (= It is certain) whose fault it is.   关于谁的过错这一点毫无疑问。
Whether children are reading fewer books is open to question (= there is some doubt about it).   人们怀疑孩子们是否书读少了。
Her loyalty is beyond question (= There is no doubt about it).   她的忠诚不容置疑。
There's no question that he's guilty.   毫无疑问他是有罪的。
sb/sth in question formal 
■the person or thing that is being discussed    正被谈论的…，讨论中的…
I stayed at home on the night in question.   那个晚上我留在家里没外出。noun 
be a question of doing sth 
■to be necessary to do a particular thing    有必要做…
It's simply/just a question of working hard for a month and then you can relax.   只需要努力工作一个月，然后你就可以休息了。noun 
be out of the question (also be no question of (doing) sth) 
■to be an event which cannot possibly happen    不可能
A trip to New Zealand is out of the question this year.   今年的纽西兰之旅不可能成行了。
There's no question of agreeing to the demands.   这些要求是不可能被同意的。verb transitive 
 ESSENTIAL  
■to ask a person about something, especially officially    问，盘问，审问
Several men were questioned by police yesterday about the burglary.   警方昨天就盗窃案审问了几个人。
68% of those questioned in the poll thought noise levels had increased.   在这次的民意调查中有68%的被访者认为噪音增加了。
 ESSENTIAL  
■to express doubts about the value of something or whether something is true    怀疑
I questioned the wisdom of taking so many pills.   我怀疑吃这么多的药丸是否明智。
[+ question word] Two months ago, results from a European study questioned wh ether early treatment with the drug really improved survival.   两个月前，欧洲的一项研究结果对于在发病早期使用该药进行治疗是否真的提高了病人存活率提出了质疑。
She gave me a questioning look (= as if she wanted an answer from me).   她用疑惑的眼光看了我一眼。



★☆☆   questionable
—————————————————
adjective [+ question word] 
■not certain, or wrong in some way    不确定的；未必正确的；值得怀疑的
It is questionable wh ether this goal can be achieved.   这个目标能否实现还不确定。
Much of late-night television is of questionable value/taste.   很多在深夜播出的电视节目其意义/品味值得怀疑。



★☆☆   questioner
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who asks a question    提问者，发问人



★☆☆   questioning
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■when the police ask someone questions about a crime    审问
Three suspects were taken in for questioning at Hereford police station.   三名嫌疑犯被带到赫里福郡警察局接受审问。



★☆☆   question mark 
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■the ? punctuation mark that is put at the end of a phrase or sentence to show that it is a question    问号noun countable 
a question mark over sth 
■an expression used when doubt exists about a particular thing    有关…的不确定性
A question mark hangs over the future of the company.   该公司的前景如何还不得而知。



★☆☆   questionnaire
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a list of questions that several people are asked so that information can be collected about something    问卷；情况调查表
Visitors to the country have been asked to fill in a detailed questionnaire.   访问该国的游客被要求填写一份详细的调查表。



★☆☆   question tag 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a short phrase such as 'isn't it' or 'don't you' that is added to the end of a sentence to check information or to ask if someone agrees with you    附加疑问成分，反问句
In the sentence, 'It's hot, isn't it?', 'isn't it' is a question tag.   这句话中，isn't it 是反问句。



★☆☆   queue
—————————————————
 UK (US line) 
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a line of people, usually standing or in cars, waiting for something 
  （人或车排成的）队，队伍，行列
Are you in the queue for tickets?   你是在排队买票吗?
There was a long queue of traffic stretching down the road.   车辆在这条路上排起长龙了。
If you want tickets you'll have to join the queue.   你想买票的话就要先排队。
disapproving It makes me mad when someone jumps the queue (= goes straight to the front).   有人插队的话我就会很生气。
■a lot of people wanting something 
  （想获取某物的）许多人
There's a queue of companies wanting to sell the product.   有许多公司想要销售该产品。 UK (US line) 
verb intransitive UK (US line up) (also UK queue up) 
 ADVANCED  
■to wait in a line of people, often to buy something    排队
Dozens of people were queueing up to get tickets.   有几十个人在排队买票。
We had to queue for three hours to get in.   我们排了三个小时的队才进入。
■informal 
■to want very much to do something    排队（等候）做…，非常想做…
[+ to infinitive] There are thousands of young women queueing up to be models.   成千上万的年轻少女对当模特儿趋之若鹜。



★☆☆   queue-jump
—————————————————
 UK 
verb intransitive 
■to unfairly go to the front of a queue    插队



★☆☆   quibble
—————————————————
 disapproving 
verb intransitive 
■to argue about, or say you disapprove of, something that is not important    吹毛求疵，为小事而争吵
There's no point quibbling about/over a couple of dollars.   为几块钱而吵架毫无意义。 disapproving 
noun countable 
■a complaint or criticism about something that is not very important 
  （对小事的）抱怨或批评
My only quibble is that the colour wasn't very nice.   我唯一不太满意的是颜色不太好。



★☆☆   quiche
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■an open pastry case, filled with a mixture of eggs, cream and other savoury (= not sweet) foods, which is baked and eaten hot or cold 
  （以蛋、奶油和咸味食物做馅的）开口馅饼；法式咸派
asparagus/broccoli quiche   芦笋/花椰菜蛋奶派



★☆☆   quick
—————————————————
adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  
■happening or done with great speed, or lasting only a short time    快的，迅速的；短暂的
It's a quick journey.   这次行程很短。
I had a quick coffee and left the house.   我匆忙喝完咖啡，就离开了家。
I only had time for a quick glance at the paper this morning.   今天早上我的时间很赶只能稍为看一下报纸。
He scored three goals in quick succession (= happening one after the other in a short time).   他在短时间内连进三球。
Could I have a quick word (= speak to you for a short time) ?   我可以简短地跟您说几句话吗？
Quick as lightning (= very quickly) , he snatched the book and ran out of the room.   他闪电般夺走了书，飞快地跑出房间。
be quick to do sth 
■to do something immediately    立即做…，马上做…
She was quick to point out that it wasn't her fault.   她立刻指出那不是她的错。
■describes someone who is clever and understands or notices things quickly    反应快的；敏捷的
She was quick at understanding what we wanted her to do.   她马上领会到我们要她做甚么。
He has a quick mind.   他的思维敏捷。
Glyn's quick thinking (= ability to solve problems with speed) averted what could have been a disaster.   格林的反应灵敏，避免了原本可能出现的灾难。
⇨ See also quick-witted
a quick study US informal 
■someone who is able to learn things quickly    学得快的人
He's a quick study and easily grasps all the details of a discussion.   他学东西很快，讨论的每一个细节都能轻松掌握。exclamation 
■used for telling someone to do something quickly    快点！（用于督促某人做某事）
Quick! Close the door before the cat comes in!   快，把门关上，别让猫进来！noun uncountable 
■the area of flesh under your nails    指甲下的肉
He's bitten his nails to the quick.   他咬指甲都咬到肉了。



★☆☆   quicken
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to become quicker, or to make something become quicker 
  （使）变快，（使）加速
This is music that will make your pulse quicken.   这是那种能让你脉博加速的音乐。
We'll have to quicken the pace if we want to keep up with him.   如果我们想赶上他的话就要加快速度。
literary Peter walked in the room and her heart quickened.   彼得走进了房间，她的心跳加快了。
■If a feeling or quality quickens, it becomes more active, or to make a feeling or quality do this 
  （情绪，素质）受到激发；激发（情绪，素质）
His interest quickened when he saw her.   当见到她时，他的兴致大增。
War quickens our awareness.   战争使我们更加警觉。



★☆☆   quick-fire
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■happening very quickly, one after another    接二连三地发生的
His quick-fire jokes were very popular with the audience.   他连珠炮似的笑话很受观众欢迎。



★☆☆   quick fix
—————————————————
informal disapproving 
noun countable 
■something that seems to be a fast and easy solution to a problem but is in fact not very good or will not last long 
  （不完善的）应急解决办法，权宜之计
People are still looking for the quick fix.   人们仍然在寻找应急的方法。
He warned against any quick-fix solutions.   他告诫说，任何的权宜之计都是不可取的。



★☆☆   quickie
—————————————————
 informal 
noun countable 
■something done or had quickly, especially sex or an alcoholic drink    匆忙完成之事；（尤指）匆匆完成的性交，一饮而尽的酒
Shall we just have a quickie?   我们闪电云雨一番，如何？
a quickie divorce   闪电离婚



★☆☆   quickly
—————————————————
adverb 
 ESSENTIAL  
■at a fast speed    迅速地
We'll have to walk quickly to get there on time.   我们要走快一点才能准时赶到那儿。
Quickly now, you two, daddy's waiting in the car!   你们要快些，爸爸在车里等着呢！
 ESSENTIAL  
■after only a very short time    立刻/马上
He replied very quickly.   他马上就回覆了。
He quickly realized that she wasn't telling the truth.   他立刻意识到她在说谎。



★☆☆   quick one
—————————————————
informal 
noun 
have a quick one 
■to have a drink, usually an alcoholic drink, just before going somewhere else 
  （去某地之前）喝上一杯（通常指酒）
Do we have time for a quick one before the train arrives?   火车靠站前，我们还有时间喝一杯吗？



★☆☆   quicksand
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■deep wet sand that sucks in anyone trying to walk across it    流沙



★☆☆   quicksilver
—————————————————
UK US old use 
noun 
■mercury (METAL) 



★☆☆   quickstep
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a dance with a lot of quick steps, or a piece of music for this    快步舞；快步舞曲



★☆☆   quick temper 
—————————————————
noun 
have a quick temper 
■to become angry very easily    性情急躁，容易发怒



★☆☆   quick-witted
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■able to reply in a clever or funny way without thinking for a long time    机智的，机敏的



★☆☆   quid
—————————————————
 (plural quid)    UK informal 
noun countable 
■a pound; £1    一英镑
Could you lend me twenty quid (= £20) , mate?   老兄，能不能借我20英镑？ (plural quid)    UK informal 
noun countable 
be quids in 
■to be making a profit    发财，赚大钱
If this deal goes ahead, we'll be quids in.   如果这笔买卖成功了，我们会发大财。



★☆☆   quid pro quo
—————————————————
UK  US (plural quid pro quos)    formal 
noun countable usually singular 
■something that is given to a person in return for something they have done    交换物；报酬；交换条件
The government has promised food aid as a quid pro quo for the stopping of violence.   政府承诺以粮食援助作为停止暴力活动的交换条件。



★☆☆   quiescent
—————————————————
 formal 
adjective 
■temporarily quiet and not active 
  （暂时）平静的，静止的
The political situation was now relatively quiescent.   政治形势目前暂时平静。



★☆☆   quiet
—————————————————
adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  
■making very little noise    静的，安静的，轻轻的
She spoke in a quiet voice so as not to wake him.   她轻声说话，以免吵醒他。
It's so quiet without the kids here.   孩子们不在，这里真安静。
Please be quiet (= stop talking) !   请安静！
Could you keep quiet while I'm on the phone, please?   我打电话时，你可以不出声吗？
She was as quiet as a mouse (= very quiet). I didn't even know she'd come in.   她安静如鼠，我连她进来了也没注意到。
 ESSENTIAL  
■having little activity or excitement and few people    平静的，宁静的
a quiet, peaceful little village   宁静太平的小村庄
It was a quiet wedding, with just a few friends and relations.   那是一场平静的婚礼，只有几位朋友和亲戚在场。
Business is quiet during the holidays.   节假日期间生意很清淡。
 IMPROVER  
■A quiet person is one who does not talk much    寡言的，话不多的
He was a quiet, almost taciturn, young man.   他是个文静、几乎不怎么说话的年轻人。
keep (sth) quiet 
■to try to stop other people from finding out about a fact 
  （对…）守口如瓶；（对…）保密
She managed to keep the operation quiet for a while.   她设法令该行动在一段时间内保密。
Davies kept quiet about the amount of money being spent.   戴维斯对已花费的款项守口如瓶。noun uncountable 
■the state of being silent    安静，静谧
Let's have some quiet!   让我们安静一会吧！
I go camping for some peace and quiet (= absence of activity and excitement).   我去露营静修。noun uncountable 
on the quiet informal 
■secretly    秘密地，不为人注意地、暗地里
His wife found out he'd been seeing someone on the quiet.   他妻子发现他一直在偷偷地和别人约会。



★☆☆   quieten
—————————————————
 UK (US quiet) 
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to (cause to) become calmer or less noisy 
  （使）平静；（使）安静
The barking dogs quietened (down) when they recognized me.   认出我之后，那些吠叫的狗安静了下来。



★☆☆   quietism
—————————————————
 formal 
noun uncountable 
■the belief that it is best to accept things in life and not try to change them    淡泊，清静无为



★☆☆   quietly
—————————————————
adverb 
 IMPROVER  
■without making much noise    安静地，静悄悄地
I slipped quietly out of the back door.   我悄悄地从后门溜了出去。
He is a quietly spoken, thoughtful man.   他是个说话轻柔、体贴周到的人。
■in a way that is not obvious to other people because you do not say much    不声张地
He is quietly confident that there will be no problems this time.   他心里暗暗相信这次必定没有问题。



★☆☆   quietude
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
noun uncountable 
■calmness and peace    平静；宁静；安宁
In many of his poems the poet reflects on the quietude of the countryside.   在他的许多诗中，这位诗人描写了乡村的宁静。



★☆☆   quiff
—————————————————
 UK (US pompadour) 
noun countable 
■a hairstyle, worn usually by men, in which the hair at the front of the head is brushed up 
  （男子的）额发往上梳的发型



★☆☆   quill
—————————————————
noun countable 
■any of the long sharp pointed hairs on the body of a porcupine 
  （豪猪的）刺
(also quill pen) 
■a pen made from a bird's feather, used in the past    （过去用的）羽毛笔



★☆☆   quilt
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a decorative cover for a bed    被子，被褥；床罩
UK    * a duvet 



★☆☆   quilted
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■(especially of clothes) filled with thick soft material which is sewn in place 
  （尤指衣服）缝有柔软衬芯的
She wore a quilted satin jacket.   她穿着一件缎子棉衣。



★☆☆   quince
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a hard fruit that looks like an apple and has a strong sweet smell    榅桲
quince jam   榅桲酱



★☆☆   quinine
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a drug used to treat fevers such as malaria    奎宁，金鸡纳霜



★☆☆   quinoa
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the seeds of a South American plant which are cooked and eaten as food    藜麦（一种南美植物的种子，烹调后可食用）



★☆☆   quintessence
—————————————————
 formal 
noun uncountable 
■the most typical example    典型，典范
An American football game is the quintessence of machismo.   橄榄球赛是大男子气概的最典型表现。



★☆☆   quintessential
—————————————————
 formal 
adjective 
■being the most typical example or most important part of something    最典型的；最本质的
Roasted garlic with sheep's milk cheese is the quintessential Corsican meal.   烤大蒜加羊乳酪是最典型的科西嘉菜。



★☆☆   quintet
—————————————————
noun 
countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a group of five people who play musical instruments or sing as a group    五重奏乐队；五重唱组合noun 
countable 
■a piece of music written for five people    五重奏（曲）；五重唱（曲）



★☆☆   quintuplet
—————————————————
UK US  (also quin) 
noun countable 
■any of five children born at the same time to the same mother    五胞胎之一



★☆☆   quip
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a humorous and clever remark    俏皮话，妙语
It was Oscar Wilde who made the famous quip about life mimicking art.   是奥斯卡‧王尔德说出了关于人生是在师法艺术的妙语。



★☆☆   quirk
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an unusual part of someone's personality or habit, or something that is strange and unexpected    怪癖；古怪之处
You have to get used to other people's quirks and foibles.   你要习惯别人的怪癖和小缺点。
There is a quirk in the rules that allows you to invest money without paying tax.   这些规章的奇怪之处在于其允许人们投资而不必缴税。
By some strange quirk] By an odd quirk of fate (= unexpectedly) , we ended up on the same train.   说来奇怪，我们结果上了同一列火车。



★☆☆   quirky
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■unusual in an attractive and interesting way    古怪的，独特的
He was tall and had a quirky, off-beat sense of humour.   他个子高高的，有一种独特的、另类的幽默感。



★☆☆   quisling
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person who helps the enemy army that has taken control of his or her country; a traitor    内奸；卖国贼



★☆☆   quit
—————————————————
 (quitting, quit, quit)
verb intransitive or transitive 
 IMPROVER  
■to stop doing something or leave a job or a place    停止；离开；辞职；放弃
Would you quit your job if you inherited lots of money?   假如继承了一大笔钱，你会辞掉工作吗？
[+ -ing verb] I'm going to quit smoking.   我准备戒烟了。
Quit wasting my time!   别浪费我的时间！
Press Q to quit the program.   请按Q结束程式。



★☆☆   quite
—————————————————
adverb predeterminer UK 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a little or a lot but not completely    相当，很，颇
I'm quite tired but I can certainly walk a little further.   我有些累，但肯定还能再多走一会儿。
There was quite a lot of traffic today but yesterday was even busier.   今天的交通够塞了，不过昨天更拥挤。
It was quite a difficult job.   那工作实在很难做。
He's quite attractive but not what I'd call gorgeous.   他相当有魅力，但称不上是我心目中的美男子。
It would be quite a nuisance to write to everyone.   给所有人都写信准是件麻烦事。adverb predeterminer UK 
  Common Learner Errors   quite or quiet?   Warning: Choose the right word!   These two words look similar, but they are spelled differently and have completely different meanings.adverb 
 ESSENTIAL  
■completely    完全地，彻底地
The two situations are quite different.   两种情况截然不同。
Are you quite sure you want to go?   你百分百肯定想去吗？
The colours almost match but not quite.   颜色差不多相配，但不完全协调。
I enjoyed her new book though it's not quite as good as her last one.   我喜欢她的新书，尽管没有她上一本书那么好。
Quite honestly/frankly , the thought of it terrified me.   坦白/坦率地讲，想到它我就害怕。
not quite 
 ESSENTIAL  
■used to express that you are not certain about something    不确定，不肯定
I don't quite know what to say.   我不太确定该说些甚么。
I didn't quite catch what he said.   我不太懂他说的话。
■UK 
■used to show agreement with someone's opinion 
  （表示赞同）是这样
"You'd think he could spare some money - he's not exactly poor." "Quite."   “你觉得他能省下一些钱来——他并不是真的很穷。”“是这样的”。
quite the best/worst, etc.    formal 
■used for emphasis 
  （表示强调）绝对是最好/最糟糕的等
It was quite the worst dinner I have ever had.   那绝对是我吃过的最难吃的饭了。



★☆☆   quits
—————————————————
 informal 
adjective 
be quits 
■to not owe money to someone or to each other now    不欠钱；互不相欠，互相抵销
I paid for the tickets and you bought dinner so we're quits, I reckon.   我买了票，你付了饭钱，我想我们互不相欠了。
Am I quits with you now?   现在我不欠你甚么了吧？



★☆☆   quitter
—————————————————
UK US disapproving 
noun countable 
■a person who gives up easily instead of finishing something    遇到困难就放弃的人，半途而废的人。
I'm no quitter.   我不是轻易放弃的人。



★☆☆   quiver
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive 
■to shake slightly, often because of strong emotion 
  （常指因激动而）颤抖，发抖
Lennie's bottom lip quivered and tears started in his eyes.   雷尼的下唇颤抖着，眼里涌出了泪光。UK noun countable 
CONTAINER  容器  
■a long thin container for carrying arrows    箭筒；箭囊UK noun countable 
SHAKE  颤抖  
■a slight shake, often because of strong emotion 
  （常指因激动而）颤抖，发抖
The opening bars of the music sent a quiver of excitement through the crowd.   音乐起始的几小节让人群顿时兴奋激动起来。



★☆☆   quixotic
—————————————————
UK US  literary 
adjective 
■having or showing ideas that are different and unusual but not practical or likely to succeed    不切实际的，异想天开的
This is a vast, exciting and some say quixotic project.   这是一个宏大而激动人心的、甚至有人认为是异想天开的专案。



★☆☆   quiz
—————————————————
noun countable (plural quizzes)
 ADVANCED  
■a game or competition in which you answer questions    问答比赛，智力竞赛
a history/sport, etc. quiz   历史/体育知识等问答竞赛
There are so many inane television quiz shows.   电视上有那么多愚蠢的智力竞赛节目。
UK A lot of pubs have quiz nights once or twice a week.   许多酒吧每周都会有一两次的智力竞赛之夜。
 ADVANCED  mainly US 
■a short informal test    测验，考察
There was a pop (= surprise) quiz in history at school today.   今天的历史课上进行了突击测验。verb transitive (-zz-)
■to ask someone questions about something    查问，提问
She spent an hour being quizzed by journalists.   她花了一小时时间回答记者的提问。



★☆☆   quizzical
—————————————————
adjective 
■seeming to ask a question without saying anything    疑问的，探询的
She gave me a quizzical look/glance/smile.   她疑惑地看了我一眼／瞥了我一眼／对我笑了一下。



★☆☆   quoits
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a game in which you throw rings over a small post, often played on ships 
  （常在船上玩的）掷环套桩游戏



★☆☆   quokka
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a small wallaby (= an animal with a long tail and strong legs for jumping with) which in the past existed in great numbers in Western Australia    短尾矮袋鼠



★☆☆   Quonset hut
—————————————————
UK noun countable    US trademark for 
■Nissen hut 



★☆☆   quorate
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
adjective 
■having the necessary number of people present for decisions to be allowed to be made    够法定人数的
a quorate meeting   够法定人数的会议



★☆☆   Quorn
—————————————————
UK US  trademark 
noun uncountable 
■a substance made of vegetable protein that is used in cooking instead of meat    阔恩牌素肉（由植物蛋白构成，在烹饪中替代肉类）



★☆☆   quorum
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
noun only singular 
■the smallest number of people needed to be present at a meeting before it can officially begin and before official decisions can be taken 
  （会议的）法定人数



★☆☆   quota
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a fixed, limited amount or number that is officially allowed    定额，限额，配额
The country now has a quota on immigration.   该国目前对外来移民人数有限额。
figurative The class contains the usual quota (= number) of troublemakers.   班上也有那些捣乱的人。



★☆☆   quotation
—————————————————
UK US (informal quote) 
noun countable 
SAID  语录  
 ADVANCED  
■a phrase or short piece of writing taken from a longer work of literature, poetry, etc. or what someone else has said    引语，引文，语录
At the beginning of the book there's a quotation from Abraham Lincoln.   本书的起页引用了亚伯拉罕‧林肯的一句话。UK US (informal quote) 
noun countable 
PRICE  价格  
■the price that a person says they will charge to do a piece of work    报价
I asked several builders to give me a quote for the work.   我请了几位元建造商为该工程报价。



★☆☆   quotation marks
—————————————————
(UK also inverted commas) (informal quotes) 
plural noun 
■the " " punctuation marks that are put around a word or phrase to show that someone else has written or said it    引号



★☆☆   quote
—————————————————
UK verb 
SAY  说  
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■to repeat the words that someone else has said or written    引用，引述，援引
He's always quoting from the Bible.   他总是引用《圣经》上的话。
"If they're flexible, we're flexible", the official was quoted as saying.   援引那位官员的话说：“如果他们能变通，我们也能变通。”
She worked, to quote her daughter, "as if there was no tomorrow".   用她女儿的话来说，她工作起来“就像没有明天似的”。
Can I quote you on that (= Can I repeat to other people what you have just said) ?   你讲的那些话我可以告诉别人吗？
transitive 
■If you quote a fact or example, you refer to it in order to add emphasis to what you are saying    举出，举证
[+ two objects] Quote me one organization that doesn't have some bad managers.   请给我举出一个没有不善管理的经理的机构来。UK verb 
GIVE PRICE  报价  
transitive 
■to give a price, especially one that will be charged for doing a piece of work    报价
The architect has quoted £40,000 to build an extension.   扩建部分建筑师开价40000英镑。UK verb 
quote ... unquote informal 
■said to show that you are repeating someone else's words, especially if you do not agree with them 
  （尤指在不赞同某人时表示引用其话语）引文起…引文止
She says they're, quote 'just good friends' unquote.   她说她们，开引号，“只是好朋友而已”，关引号。UK noun 
countable 
■informal forquotation    quotation 的非正式用法
quotes [plural] 
■informal forquotation marks    quotation marks（引号）的非正式用法
Put the title of the article in quotes.   替文章的标题加上引号。



★☆☆   quoth
—————————————————
UK  US old use or humorous 
verb transitive 
■said    说
"Point taken, Kingers," quoth I.   “明白了，金格斯”我说道。



★☆☆   quotidian
—————————————————
UK US formal 
adjective 
■ordinary; everyday    平常的，普通的；日常的
Television has become part of our quotidian existence.   电视已成为我们日常生活的一部分。



★☆☆   quotient
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a particular degree or amount of something    程度
This is a car with a high head-turning quotient (= a lot of people turn to look at it).   这部车的回头率很高，容易引人回头再看。
specialized 
■the result of dividing one number by another    商



★☆☆   qwerty
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■with or relating to the usual arrangement of the keys on the keyboard of a computer, in which the top line of letters begins with q w e r t and y    一种标准的电脑键盘配置的（顶行以字母 q w e r t y 开头）
a qwerty keyboard   电脑标准键盘
qwerty layout   电脑标准键盘配置



R
★☆☆   R
—————————————————
UK US  (plural R's or Rs)
noun 
LETTER  字母     (also r (plural r's)) countable 
■the 18th letter of the English alphabet    英语字母表的第18个字母UK US  (plural R's or Rs)
noun 
RIVER  河流     written abbreviation for 
■river , used in writing before or after the name of a river 
  （用在河流名称的前或后）
R Thames   泰晤士河UK US  (plural R's or Rs)
noun 
ROYAL PERSON  君王     abbreviation for 
■Rex (= king) or Regina (= queen) , used after the name of a king or queen 
  （用在国王或女王的名字后）国王，女王
Elizabeth R   伊丽莎白女王UK US  (plural R's or Rs)
adjective adverb noun uncountable    written abbreviation for 
■right (DIRECTION)    方向
R eye: 3.20/L eye: 3.25   右眼UK US  (plural R's or Rs)
adjective 
ROYAL  皇家的     written abbreviation for 
■royal , used in the names of organizations 
  （用于组织的名称中）
He's an RAF officer.   他是一名英国皇家空军军官。UK US  (plural R's or Rs)
adjective 
FILM  电影     US abbreviation for 
■restricted ; used to refer to a film that people under 17 years of age can see only if a parent or guardian is with them 
  （电影）限制级的（指17岁以下青少年庶家长或监护人陪同不得观看）



★☆☆   rabbi
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a religious leader and teacher in the Jewish religion    拉比（犹太教领袖和经师）
Rabbi Jonathan Sacks   乔纳森．萨克斯拉比
[as form of address] Good morning, Rabbi.   早安，拉比。



★☆☆   rabbit
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a small animal with long ears and large front teeth, which moves by jumping on its long back legs    兔，家兔
⇨ See also bunny (rabbit)verb intransitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   rabbit on UK informal disapproving 
■to continue talking about something which is not interesting to the listener    没完没了地说；唠叨；喋喋不休
He's always rabbiting on about his stamp collection.   他总是没完没了地说他的集邮。




★☆☆   rabble
—————————————————
 disapproving 
noun countable usually singular [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a large noisy uncontrolled group of people    乌合之众；暴民
The defeated army returned home as a demoralized rabble.   这支失利的军队如乌合之众一般失魂落魄地逃回了老家。
He views his opponents as a mindless rabble.   他视他的反对者们为一帮毫无头脑的乌合之众。
the rabble 
■people of a low social position    下等人；贱民
Her speech stirred the emotions of the rabble.   她的演讲煽动起了下等人的情绪。



