★☆☆   serfdom
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the state of being a serf or the system by which the serfs worked on the land    农奴身份；农奴制



★☆☆   serge
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a strong cloth made from wool which is used especially to make jackets and coats 
  （尤用于做夹克和外套的）哔叽



★☆☆   sergeant
—————————————————
UK US  (written abbreviation Sgt) (informal sarge) 
noun countable 
SOLDIER  士兵  
 ADVANCED  
■a soldier of middle rank    中士
Sergeant Lewis   路易士中士
[as form of address] Dismiss the men, Sergeant.   中士，解散吧。UK US  (written abbreviation Sgt) (informal sarge) 
noun countable 
POLICE OFFICER  警官  
■in Britain, a police officer whose rank is above constable and below inspector , or in the US a police officer whose rank is below a captain 
  （英国的）巡佐；（美国的）警佐



★☆☆   sergeant major 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a soldier of middle rank    中士



★☆☆   serial
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
 ADVANCED  
■describes a person who repeatedly commits the same serious crime, often using the same method, or a serious crime that is committed repeatedly by one person 
  （重罪案犯或重案）连环的，连续的
She wrote a thriller about a brutal serial killer.   她写了部有关一名冷血连环杀手的惊悚小说。
a serial rapist   连续犯案的强奸犯
serial murders/killings   连环谋杀案UK noun countable 
■a story on television or radio or in a newspaper, etc. which is broadcast or printed in separate parts 
  （电视或广播）连续剧；（报纸上的）连载故事
Most of her novels have been made into television serials at some time.   她的大多数小说都已在某个时候被拍成了电视连续剧。



★☆☆   serialize
—————————————————
(UK usually serialise) UK verb transitive 
■If a book is serialized, it is made into a number of television or radio programmes or published in a newspaper or a magazine in parts    连载；连播
The novel was serialized for TV back in the 1990s.   以前在20世纪90年代，这部小说曾以连续剧的形式在电视上播出。



★☆☆   serial monogamy
—————————————————
humorous 
noun uncountable 
■when someone has a series of sexual relationships one after another, but never more than one at a time    连续婚姻制，连续式一夫一妻制（不断更换伴侣的单一配偶关系）



★☆☆   serial number 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■one of a set of numbers that is put on things produced in large quantities, such as computers, televisions, paper money, etc. so that each has a different number and can be recognized    序号，编号



★☆☆   serial port 
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■a part of a computer where wires from other pieces of equipment can be connected to it, sending through information one bit (= unit of information) at a time    序列埠（电脑的一个零件，其他设备的电缆可连接在这种埠上以发送资讯，每次发送的资讯量是一个位元）    Compare parallel port



★☆☆   series
—————————————————
UK US  (plural series)
noun countable 
SET OF EVENTS  系列事件  
 ESSENTIAL  
■a number of similar or related events or things, one following another    一连串；一系列
There has been a series of sexual attacks on women in the area.   这个地区发生了一连串针对女性的性侵害案件。
She gave a series of lectures at Warwick University last year on contemporary British writers.   她去年在华威大学举行了一系列有关当代英国作家的讲座。
■a number of games played by two teams 
  （两队间的）系列比赛
The Yankees have a four-game series against the Orioles at home.   洋基队主场有一连四场对金莺队的比赛。
in series 
■Parts of an electrical system that are in series are arranged in a single line so that the current flows through each part, one after another. 
  （电路的）串联UK US  (plural series)
noun countable 
SET OF BROADCASTS  系列广播节目  
 ADVANCED  
■a set of television or radio broadcasts on the same subject or using the same characters but in different situations 
  （电视或广播的）系列节目
The footballer Paul Gascoigne is to host a Channel 4 television series on soccer skills   足球运动员保罗‧加斯科因将在第四频道主持一档关于足球技巧的系列节目。
a comedy series   喜剧系列片
I missed the second episode of the series so I don't know what's going on now.   我错过了这系列剧的第二集，所以不知道现在的剧情进展如何。UK US  (plural series)
noun countable 
SET OF BOOKS  系列书  
 ADVANCED  
■a set of books published by the same company which deal with the same subject    系列书
They do a series on architecture throughout the ages.   他们出版一套介绍各个时代建筑的系列图书。



★☆☆   series circuit 
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■a circuit in which the electric current passes in a single loop through each of the connected parts in turn    串联电路（一种电路，其中电流逐一通过连接的零件，形成一个单一回路）    Compare parallel circuit



★☆☆   serious
—————————————————
UK adjective 
BAD  坏的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■severe in effect; bad    严重的；糟糕的
a serious illness   严重的疾病
There were no reports of serious injuries.   没有接到有人重伤的报告。
The new tax regulations have landed some of the smaller companies in serious trouble.   新的纳税规定使一些较小的公司陷入严重的困境。
Drugs have become a serious problem in a lot of schools.   吸毒在许多学校已经成了很严重的问题。
This is a very serious offence.   这是非常严重的违法行为。
He's been taken to hospital where his condition is described as serious but stable.   他被送到了医院，医生说他病情严重但是稳定。UK adjective 
NOT JOKING  不开玩笑的  
 IMPROVER  
■not joking or intended to be funny    严肃的，认真的
Please don't laugh - I'm being serious.   请不要笑——我是认真的。
He was wearing a very serious expression and I knew something was wrong.   他一脸严肃，我就知道出问题了。
On the surface it's a very funny novel but it does have a more serious underlying theme.   表面上看，这是一部非常滑稽的小说，但它确实有更为深刻的主题。
 ADVANCED  
■A serious person is quiet, thinks carefully about things and does not laugh a lot 
  （人）严肃的，不苟言笑的
I remember her as a very serious child.   我记得她是个很严肃的小孩。UK adjective 
DETERMINED  坚决的  
 IMPROVER  [after verb] 
■determined to follow a particular plan of action    坚决的；认真的
Is she serious about going to live abroad?   她真的想移居国外吗？
[after verb] 
■If two people who have a loving relationship are serious about each other they intend to stay with each other for a long time and possibly marry    真心相爱的
She's had a lot of boyfriends but Simon's the only one she's been serious about.   她有很多男朋友，但西蒙是她唯一真正爱的人。UK adjective 
NEEDING ATTENTION  需要关照的  
 ADVANCED  [before noun] 
■needing or deserving your complete attention    需要（或值得）认真对待的
That's an interesting job offer - I'd give it some serious consideration if I were you.   那是个有意思的工作机会——我要是你的话就会认真考虑一下。
We've got some serious talking to do, you and me.   我们有点重要的事情要谈，就你我两个人。UK adjective 
EXTREME  极端的     informal 
■extreme in degree or amount    极其的；极度的
We did some fairly serious walking over the weekend.   我们周末走了很多路。
I mean we're talking serious (= a large amount of) money, right?   我的意思是我们在谈很大一笔钱，是吗？
■informal 
■very good of its type    极佳的
This is a serious wine, Annabelle, you've just got to try some.   这是上好的葡萄酒，安娜贝勒，你得尝尝。



★☆☆   seriously
—————————————————
UK adverb 
BADLY  坏的  
 IMPROVER  
■badly or severely    严重地；恶劣地
Badly cooked shellfish can make you seriously ill.   烹调不当的贝类会使你染上重病。
He wasn't seriously injured - he just got a few cuts and bruises.   他伤得不重——只是有些割伤和淤伤。UK adverb 
NOT JOKING  不开玩笑的  
 IMPROVER  
■in a serious way, not joking    严肃地；认真地
Seriously now, did he really say that or are you just being silly?   现在说正经的，他是真的这么说，还是你在乱编？
You're not seriously thinking of leaving, are you?   你不是真的要离开吧，啊？UK adverb 
NEEDING ATTENTION  需要关照的  
take sb/sth seriously 
 IMPROVER  
■to consider a person, subject or situation to be important or dangerous and worth your attention or respect    认真考虑；郑重对待
The police have to take any terrorist threat seriously.   警方必须认真对待任何恐怖分子的威胁。
You don't take anything seriously, do you? It's all one big joke to you.   你对甚么事都不当真，是吗？对你来说，甚么都是儿戏。
She's sick of being seen as a sex symbol and wants to be taken seriously as an actress.   她讨厌被人当成性感偶像，想让人认真地把她当成女演员。
These young actors take them selves so seriously!   这些年轻演员太把自己当一回事了！UK adverb 
EXTREMELY  极端地     informal 
■very    很，非常
They do some seriously good desserts there.   他们那里的甜点很棒。
That boy is seriously stupid.   那个男孩愚蠢极了。



★☆☆   seriousness
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
BAD  坏的  
■the state of being very bad or severe    严重；恶劣
I don't think he has any notion of the seriousness of the situation.   我认为他一点也不明白事情的严重性。UK noun uncountable 
NOT JOKING  不开玩笑的  
■the state of being serious, rather than intending to be funny    严肃；认真
In all seriousness (= completely seriously) now - joking aside - I do think there's a problem here that we've got to get sorted.   现在说正经的——言归正传——我确实认为这里有个问题我们得解决。



★☆☆   sermon
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a part of a Christian church ceremony in which a priest gives a talk on a religious or moral subject, often based on something written in the Bible    布道，讲道
The Reverend William Cronshaw delivered/preached the sermon.   威廉‧克朗肖牧师进行了布道。
Today's sermon was on the importance of compassion.   今天的布道是关于同情心的重要性。
■disapproving 
■a long talk in which someone advises other people how they should behave in order to be better people    长篇说教
I really don't think it's a politician's job to go delivering sermons on public morality.   我确实觉得针对公德心作长篇说教并不是政治家的任务。



★☆☆   sermonize
—————————————————
(UK usually sermonise) UK verb intransitive disapproving 
■to give a long talk to people, telling them how they should behave in order to be better people    长篇大论地说教
My grandmother's all right until she starts sermonizing and then she's unbearable.   我祖母人很好，但是一旦她开始长篇大论地说教，就让人难以忍受了。



★☆☆   serotonin
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a neurotransmitter (= a chemical in the body which carries messages from the brain) which helps you feel relaxed and happy    血清素（一种神经递质，使人感到轻松愉悦）



★☆☆   serpent
—————————————————
UK US  old use 
noun countable 
■a snake    蛇



★☆☆   serpentine
—————————————————
UK US  literary 
adjective 
■curving and twisting like a snake    像蛇一样卷曲的；蜿蜒的
We followed the serpentine course of the river.   我们沿着弯弯曲曲的河道走。
■complicated and difficult to understand    复杂难懂的；曲折的
The film's serpentine plot was difficult to follow.   电影曲折的情节让人难以理解。



★☆☆   serrated
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■having a row of sharp points along the edge    锯齿边的
You really need a knife with a serrated edge for cutting bread.   你真的需要一把有锯齿刃的刀子来切面包。



★☆☆   serried
—————————————————
 literary 
adjective 
■pressed closely together, usually in lines 
  （通常以行列）密集排列的；密集的
We flew over the city with its serried ranks of identical grey houses.   我们从城市密集的清一色的灰色房屋上方飞过。



★☆☆   serum
—————————————————
UK US  (plural serums or sera)
noun countable or uncountable 
■the watery, colourless part of the blood, or this liquid taken from an animal and put into a human in order to fight an infection    血清
cholesterol levels in blood serum   血清中的胆固醇标准
an anti-venom serum   抗蛇毒血清
■a substance in beauty products that is designed to improve your hair or skin and make it less dry    血清（美容产品中的一种物质，用于改善头发或皮肤，减少干燥情况）



★☆☆   servant
—————————————————
UK noun 
 IMPROVER  countable 
■a person who is employed in another person's house, doing jobs such as cooking and cleaning, especially in the past 
  （尤指旧时的）佣人，仆人
public servant/servant of the state 
■a person who works for the government    公务员，公仆
Public servants should be incorruptible.   公务员应该做到清正廉洁。



★☆☆   serve
—————————————————
UK verb 
PROVIDE FOOD/DRINK  提供食物／饮料  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to provide food or drinks    提供（食物或饮料）
Do they serve meals in the bar?   这家酒吧有提供饭菜吗？
Breakfast is served in the restaurant between 7 and 9.   餐厅早上七点到九点供应早餐。
We arrived at the hotel and were served with champagne and canapés.   我们到达旅馆后，旅馆提供了香槟和小饼干。
All recipes in this book, unless otherwise stated, will serve (= be enough for) 4 to 5 people.   本书里的所有食谱，除了特别标明的，都可供四至五人享用。
[+ obj + adj] Serve the tarts hot with custard or whipped cream.   趁热上果馅糕点，配上卡士达酱或鲜奶油。UK verb 
WORK  工作  
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■to work for; to do your duty to 
  （为…）工作；（为…）服务；尽职责
He served in the army in India for twenty years.   他在印度服了20年兵役。
She has served on the committee for the last fifteen years.   15年来，她一直在该委员会任职。
He served under Harold Wilson as Transport Minister.   他在哈罗德‧威尔逊手下当交通部长。UK verb 
HELP ACHIEVE  帮助实现  
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■to help achieve something or to be useful as something    有助于实现；（对…）有用
The minister said she did not consider that a public enquiry would serve any useful purpose.   部长说，她认为公开调查不会达到任何有益的成效。
The judge said that the fine would serve as a warning to other motorists who drove without due care.   法官说此次罚款对其他疏忽驾驶的司机会是一种警告。
In the absence of anything better the settee would serve (= could be used) as a bed for a couple of nights.   如果没有更好的选择，长沙发可以当几天床用。
[+ to infinitive] Nothing serves to explain the violent fighting we have seen recently.   甚么都无法解释我们最近所目睹的暴力殴斗。
old-fashioned My umbrella will serve for a weapon.   我的伞可以当武器用。UK verb 
PROVIDE STH NECESSARY  提供必需品  
 IMPROVER  transitive 
■to provide with something that is needed    为…提供所需物品，供应
London's hospitals, so says the report, are out of touch with the communities that they serve.   这份报告指出，伦敦的医院对它们所服务的社区毫无了解。UK verb 
DEAL WITH CUSTOMER  与顾客打交道  
transitive 
■in a shop, restaurant or hotel, to deal with a customer by taking their order, showing or selling them goods, etc.    接待；招待；为…服务
Are you being served, madam?   女士，有服务员招待您吗？
That's the restaurant where they refused to serve Giles because he was so rude.   就是那家餐馆拒绝招待贾尔斯，因为他太粗鲁。UK verb 
SPEND TIME  花时间  
transitive 
■to spend a period of time doing something    花费，度过（一段时间）
He served four years in prison for robbery.   他因抢劫坐了四年牢。
After he'd served his apprenticeship he found work overseas.   他学徒期满后在海外找到了工作。
serve time 
■to spend time in prison    服刑；蹲监狱
He's serving time for drugs offences.   他因毒品犯罪正在服刑。UK verb 
HIT BALL  击球  
intransitive or transitive 
■in sports such as tennis, to hit the ball to the other player as a way of starting the game 
  （在网球等体育运动中）发（球）
Whose turn is it to serve?   轮到谁发球了？
That's the third ace you've served this game.   那是你在这局比赛中第三次发球得分。UK verb 
GIVE DOCUMENT  送达文件  
transitive legal 
■to give a legal document to someone, demanding that they go to a court of law or that they obey an order    将…正式送达
Less than two weeks ago Gough finally served a writ on Slater, claiming damages for alleged loss of royalties.   不到两个星期以前，高夫终于将传票送达给斯莱特，要求对其所涉及的版税损失作出赔偿。
Each person served with a summons will be given six weeks before they have to appear in the Magistrates' Court.   每一个收到传票的人都将在六个星期后在地方法院出庭。UK verb 
if my memory serves me right 
■if I remember correctly    如果我没记错的话
I think he was called Brian, if my memory serves me right.   如果我没记错的话，我想他叫布赖恩。UK verb 
serve sb right informal  ADVANCED  
■If you say that something bad serves someone right, you mean that they deserve it 
  （某人）罪有应得，（某人）活该
"He hit me!" "It serves you right. You shouldn't have been rude to him."   “他打了我！”“活该。你不该对他那么粗鲁。”UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] serve (sth) up/out 
■to put food on plates for people to eat    分配（菜）；分（饭）
Come on everyone, I'm ready to serve up.   大家快来，我要分菜了。
Jack, could you serve out the trifle?   杰克，你能分一下起司蛋糕吗？UK noun countable (also service) 
■in sports such as tennis, the act of hitting the ball to the other player to start play 
  （在网球等体育运动中）发（球）
It's your serve.   该你发球了。
She's got a very fast service.   她发的球速度很快。



★☆☆   server
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
COMPUTING  电脑  
 ADVANCED  specialized 
■a central computer from which other computers get information    伺服器
a client/network/file server   客户／网路／档案伺服器UK noun countable 
PROVIDE FOOD/DRINK  提供食物／饮料  
■a large spoon, etc. that is used for serving food    上菜用具
salad servers   分沙拉用的器具



★☆☆   service
—————————————————
UK noun 
PUBLIC NEED  公共  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a system or organization that provides for a basic public need    公共服务系统；公共事业
the ambulance/health/postal/prison service   救护车服务／卫生系统／邮政系统／监狱系统
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable 
■the operation of a system    系统的运行
There isn't any railway service on Sundays.   星期天火车不运行。
We hope to be operating a normal service as soon as possible.   我们希望能尽快使服务保持正常运作。
services [plural]    UK 
■a place at the side of a large road at which fuel, food, drink and other things that people want on their journey are sold 
  （干道旁的）服务站
We stopped at the services to get petrol.   我们在服务站停下来加油。UK noun 
DEALING WITH CUSTOMER  与顾客打交道  
 IMPROVER  uncountable 
■the act of dealing with a customer in a shop, resturant or hotel by taking their order, showing or selling them goods, etc.    接待；招待；服务
The only trouble with this café is that the service is so slow.   这家咖啡馆唯一的缺点就是服务太慢。
 ADVANCED  uncountable 
■an amount of money charged for serving a customer in a restaurant, which is often paid directly to the waiter    服务费
There is a 10% service charge included in the bill.   账单包括10%的服务费。UK noun 
WORK  工作  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■a government department that is responsible for a particular area of activity    政府机构；公务部门
the diplomatic service   外交部门
the security services   安全部门
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable 
■the time you spend working for an organization    服务时间；上班时间
She was given the award for a lifetime of public service.   她一生为大众服务，因此获得奖励。
services [plural]    formal 
■the particular skills that someone has and can offer to others 
  （可提供的）技术服务
I may be needing the services of a surveyor soon, as I'm buying a house.   我不久可能需要一名房屋鉴定人，因为我想买房子。
in service 
■in use    在服役；在使用中
The battleship has been in service since 1965.   1965年以来，这艘战舰一直在服役。
be in service old-fashioned 
■to be employed as a servant    当佣人，当仆人UK noun 
ARMED FORCES  武装部队  
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable 
■(work in) the armed forces    服兵役；军队
He joined the air force in 1964 and spent ten years in the service.   他1964年参加空军，服役十年。
All men under thirty-five were told to report for military service within three days.   所有35岁以下的男子都被要求在三天内到部队报到。
Service personnel are subject to the Official Secrets Act.   军事人员要遵守《国家保密法》。
the services [plural] 
■the army, navy and/or air force    军队，部队
a career in the services   军旅生涯
on active service 
■fighting in a war    在战斗
He was the first member of his regiment to die while on active service.   他是他们团第一个阵亡的人。UK noun 
RELIGIOUS CEREMONY  宗教仪式  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■a formal religious ceremony    礼拜仪式；祈祷仪式
A memorial service is being held on Sunday for victims of the bomb explosion.   星期天将为爆炸事件中的罹难者举行一个追悼仪式。UK noun 
ON TABLE  餐桌上  
countable 
■a set of objects such as plates, cups or other things that are used in providing and eating food    一套餐具
a 24-piece dinner service   24件套的餐具
a tea service   一套茶具UK noun 
REPAIR  修理  
countable mainly UK 
■a check and repair of a vehicle or machine that is done after regular periods    检修（汽车或机器的定期检查和修理）
She took the car in for a service yesterday.   她昨天把车送去检修了。UK noun 
be of service (to sb) 
■to help someone    帮助（某人）；（为某人）帮忙
"Thank you so much for that." "I'm glad to have been of service."   “谢谢你帮了我的大忙”“很高兴能帮上你。”UK noun 
do sb a service formal 
■to do something to help someone    帮助（某人）
You've done me a great service - thank you.   你已经帮了我的大忙——太谢谢了。UK verb transitive 
■to examine a machine and repair any damaged parts    检修；维修
I'm taking the car in to have it serviced this afternoon.   我今天下午把车开来检修一下。



★☆☆   serviceable
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■suitable for the situation in which something is used; effective    合用的；耐用的
You're wearing some serviceable-looking footwear, Johnny.   约翰尼，你穿的鞋子看起来挺耐穿的。



★☆☆   service charge 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an amount of money added to the basic price of something to pay for the cost of dealing with the customer    服务费
If you order the tickets by phone you have to pay a $2 service charge as well as $13.50 for each ticket.   如果透过电话订票，除每张票13.5美元外，还须支付每张两美元的服务费。



★☆☆   service industry 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an industry that provides a service for people but does not result in the production of goods    服务业
More than 70% of jobs in the borough are in service industries, ranging from hotels to banking.   这个区70%以上的工作都属于服务业，从饭店业到金融业不一而足。



★☆☆   serviceman
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a man who belongs to the armed forces    男军人，男兵



★☆☆   service provider 
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■an ISP    网路服务供应商（ISP：Internet Service Provider）



★☆☆   service road 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small road which is parallel to a bigger road and is used mainly by people travelling in the local area 
  （与主路平行的）辅道，侧道



★☆☆   service station 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■petrol station 
■(also services) UK 
■a place next to a motorway where you can buy petrol and food, and go to the toilet    （高速公路旁的）服务站，服务区



★☆☆   servicewoman
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a woman who belongs to the armed forces    女军人，女兵



★☆☆   serviette
—————————————————
UK US  UK 
noun countable 
■a square piece of cloth or paper used while you are eating for protecting your clothes or cleaning your mouth and fingers; a napkin    餐巾；餐巾纸



★☆☆   servile
—————————————————
UK US  disapproving 
adjective 
■too eager to serve and please someone else in a way that shows you do not have much respect for yourself    卑躬的；谄媚的
As a waiter you want to be pleasant to people without appearing totally servile.   作为服务员，你应该对人友善，但不要表现出完全卑躬屈膝的样子。



★☆☆   serving
—————————————————
UK adjective 
WORKING  现役的  
[before noun] 
■employed at the present time in a particular organization, especially the armed forces    目前任职的；（尤指）现役的
serving and retired military officers   现役和退役的军官UK adjective 
FOOD/DRINK  食物／饮料  
serving dish/spoon, etc. 
■an object used for holding food before it is put onto plates, or for putting food onto plates    公盘／杓等UK noun countable 
■an amount of one type of food which is given to one person 
  （供一人食用的）一份；一客
The quantities given in the recipe should be enough for four servings.   食谱上提供的量足够四个人吃。



★☆☆   servitude
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
noun uncountable 
■the state of being under the control of someone else and of having no freedom    苦役；奴役；劳役
In the past, the majority of women were consigned to a lifetime of servitude and poverty.   过去，大多数的女性一生含辛茹苦，一贫如洗。



★☆☆   servomechanism
—————————————————
UK US  (also servo) specialized 
noun countable 
■a system that uses a small amount of power to control the power of a larger machine    伺服机械装置（或系统）



★☆☆   servomotor
—————————————————
UK US (also servo) specialized 
noun countable 
■a motor which provides the power for a servomechanism    伺服动力机



★☆☆   sesame
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a herb grown for its small oval seeds and its oil    芝麻
sesame oil/seeds   芝麻油／籽



★☆☆   sesame seed 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a seed of the sesame plant, whose seeds are added to food or are used to produce oil    芝麻（芝麻植物的种子；这种植物的种子可加到食物中或用于制油）



★☆☆   session
—————————————————
noun 
FORMAL MEETING  正式会议  
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable 
■a formal meeting or series of meetings of an organization such as a parliament or a law court 
  （议会等机构的）会议；（法庭的）开庭
The parliamentary session is due to end on May 27th.   议会会议将于5月27日结束。
The UN Security Council met in emergency session to discuss the crisis.   联合国安理会举行了紧急会议讨论该危机。noun 
ACTIVITY  活动  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■a period of time or meeting arranged for a particular activity 
  （从事某项活动的）一段时间（或集会）；一场；一节
The 21-year-old runner twisted his ankle in a training session last Friday.   这位21岁的跑者上周五在训练时扭伤了脚踝。
As the European heads of state gathered, the press were allowed in for a photo session.   欧洲国家首脑聚集起来时，新闻记者获准进入拍照。
informal Rob and I had a heavy session last night (= we drank a lot of alcohol).   昨晚罗布和我喝了很多酒。noun 
COLLEGE PERIOD  大学时期  
countable or uncountable US and Scottish English 
■at a college, any of the periods of time that a teaching year or day is divided into, or the teaching year itself    学年；学期；上课时间
The session begins on 1 October.   学期于10月1日开始。
Access to these buildings is restricted when school is in session.   学校上课时间，这些大楼是不能随便进入的。



★☆☆   set
—————————————————
verb (setting, set, set)
POSITION  位置  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to put something in the stated place or position    放，置；使处于（指定的地方、位置）
He set a vase of flowers on the table.   他把一瓶花放在桌子上。
The campsite is set in the middle of a pine forest.   营地设在松树林的中央。
Our house is set back from the road.   我们的房子离公路有一定的距离。
 ESSENTIAL  transitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■If a story, film, etc. is set in a particular time or place, the action in it happens in that time or place 
  （故事、电影等）以…为背景
'West Side Story' is set in New York in the late 1950s.   《西城故事》是以20世纪50年代末的纽约为背景的。verb (setting, set, set)
CONDITION  状况  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to cause something or someone to be in the stated condition or situation    使处于特定状态
It is believed that the building was set alight/ablaze/on fire deliberately.   据信，这幢大楼遭纵火是有人故意所为。
The new director has set a lot of changes in motion in our department.   新主管在我们部门推行了很多变革。
[+ adj] After years in prison, the men who had wrongfully been found guilty of the bombing were finally set free.   坐了多年牢之后，在爆炸案中遭误判有罪的数名男子终于被释放了。
If I've made a mistake, then it's up to me to set it right (= correct it).   如果我犯了错，那就该由我来纠正。
set sb/sth doing sth 
 ADVANCED  
■to cause someone or something to start doing something    使开始做；引起
His remarks set me thinking.   他的话引起我的深思。
The thunderstorm set the radio crackling.   雷雨使收音机发出劈劈啪啪的声音。
set sb to work 
■to give someone work to do    给（某人）工作做
I was set to work tidying the bookshelves.   我被安排做整理书架的工作。verb (setting, set, set)
ESTABLISH  建立  
 ESSENTIAL  transitive 
■to establish or cause to exist    建立；设立
The school has been criticized for failing to set high standards for its students.   学校因未能为学生设定高标准而受到了批评。
The government has set new limits on spending.   政府对开支设定了新的限制。
Lewis has set a new world record.   路易士创造了一项新的世界纪录。
The court's decision has set a legal precedent.   法庭的判决开创了一项判例。
Parents should set a good example to their children.   父母应该为孩子树立良好的榜样。
He's set himself the goal/target of making his first million by the time he's 30.   他给自己定的目标是在30岁前赚到第一个100万。verb (setting, set, set)
GET READY  准备好  
 IMPROVER  transitive 
■to get something ready so that it comes into operation or can be used    设定；调定
[+ to infinitive] The heating is set to come on at 5.00 p.m.   暖气设定在下午五点钟启动。
Have you set up the video recorder?   你把录影机调好了吗？
I usually set my watch by the time signal on the radio.   我通常是按照收音机里的报时对表。
He set the alarm for 7.00 a.m.   他把闹钟设在早上七点钟。
Will you set the table (= put plates and utensils on it ready for use) , please?   你来摆一下餐桌，好吗？
 IMPROVER  transitive 
■to put furniture and other things on a stage so that it represents the time and the place in which the action of a play, film or television programme is going to happen    设置，布置（戏剧、电影或电视节目的布景）
During the interval the stage was set for the second act.   在换幕休息时，工作人员布置了第二幕的布景。verb (setting, set, set)
FIX  固定  
 IMPROVER  transitive 
■to fix or make certain    使固定，确定
Has a date/time been set for the meeting yet?   会议的日期／时间确定了吗？
The price of the house has been set at £425 000.   这栋房子的定价为42.5万英镑。
set into sth /be set with sth 
■If a precious stone is set in/into a piece of jewellery, or a piece of jewellery is set with a precious stone, the stone is fixed firmly to the piece of jewellery    镶入／镶有
a gold tiepin with a diamond set into it   镶着一颗钻石的金质领带夹
a brooch set with rubies and pearls   镶有红宝石和珍珠的胸针
transitive 
■When a doctor sets a broken bone, he or she puts it into a fixed position so that it will heal.    固定（断骨）；接（骨）；把（断骨）重定
intransitive 
■When a broken bone sets, it heals in a fixed position. 
  （断骨）愈合
transitive 
■If you have your hair set, you have it arranged while it is wet so that it will be fixed in a particular style when it is dry.    给（头发）做发型
transitive 
■If you set a part of your body, you tighten the muscles around it in order to show that you are determined about something    绷紧（身体部位）；使显出坚定的表情
"I'm never going back to him, " she said, setting her jaw firmly.   “我永远都不会回到他身边，”她咬紧牙说。
His face was set in determination.   他脸上露出坚定的表情。
intransitive 
■If a liquid or soft material sets, it becomes firm or hard 
  （液体等）凝固，凝结
Leave the jelly in the fridge to set.   把果冻放在冰箱里凝固。
Don't walk on the concrete until it has set.   混凝土还没凝固之前别在上面走。verb (setting, set, set)
GIVE WORK  给工作  
transitive mainly UK (US usually assign) 
■to give or provide a piece of work or task for someone to do    规定，布置
My science teacher always sets a lot of homework.   我的理科老师总是安排很多功课。
What books have been set for this term?   这学期规定学生要读哪些书？
[+ two objects] We set the kids the task of clearing the snow from the front path.   我们给孩子们分派了打扫门前路上积雪的任务。verb (setting, set, set)
MUSIC  音乐  
transitive 
■to write or provide music for a poem or other words so that they can be sung    为…谱曲；给…配乐
poems set to music   谱了曲的诗歌verb (setting, set, set)
SUN  太阳  
intransitive 
■(of the sun, moon or planets) to go down below the horizon (= the line at which the Earth seems to join the sky) 
  （太阳、月球或行星）降于地平线之下，下落
We sat on the beach and watched the sun set.   我们坐在海滩上观看日落。
The setting sun cast long shadows across the lawn.   夕阳在草地上投下了长长的影子。
⇨ See also sunsetverb (setting, set, set)
not set the world on fire 
■to not be very exciting or successful    不一鸣惊人；不成功
He has a nice enough voice but he's not going to set the world on fire.   他的声音够好听，但还不能一鸣惊人。verb (setting, set, set)
set the scene/stage (also the scene/stage is set) 
■used to mean that conditions have been made right for something to happen, or that something is likely to happen    铺路，做好准备
This weekend's talks between the two leaders have set the scene for a peace agreement to be reached.   本周末两位领袖之间的会谈为达成和平协定铺了路。
The stage looks set for a repeat of last year's final.   看起来去年决赛的一幕可能会重演。verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   set about sth 
■to start to do or deal with something    开始做，开始处理
[+ -ing verb] I've no idea how to set about changing a tyre on a car.   我不知道如何更换汽车轮胎。
I tried to apologize, but I think I set about it the wrong way.   我想道歉，但我觉得我一开口道歉就说错话了。verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   set about sb literary 
■to attack someone    攻击（某人）
Her attacker set about her with a knife.   袭击者是用一把刀子袭击她的。verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   set sb against sb 
■to cause one person to argue or fight with another person    使（某人）同（某人）争论（或斗争）；使（某人）反对（某人）
This war has set neighbour against neighbour.   这次战争使邻国之间反目成仇。verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   set sth against sth 
COMPARE  
■to consider something in relation to another thing and compare their different qualities or effects    比较；权衡
You have to set the advantages of the scheme against the disadvantages.   你得权衡一下这个计划的利弊。
FINANCE  
■to use or record one thing, especially the cost of something, in order to reduce or remove the effect of another    用（尤指费用）抵消，以…抵消
The cost of business travel and entertainment can be set against tax.   出公差和娱乐的费用可以不报税。verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   set sth/sb apart 
■If a quality or characteristic sets someone/something apart, it shows them to be different from, and usually better than, others of the same type    使…与众不同
What set her apart from the other candidates for the job was that she had a lot of original ideas.   她与其他求职者不同的地方在于，她有许多独特的见解。§/set/


set 1	 verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] set sth aside 
PURPOSE  
 ADVANCED  
■to save something, usually money or time, for a special purpose    拨出，留出（金钱或时间）
He had some money in an account that he'd set aside for his kids.   他为孩子们存了一笔钱。
[+ to infinitive] I set aside half an hour every evening to hear Erik read.   我每天晚上都留半个小时听埃里克朗读。
LEGAL DECISION  
■If a judge or court sets aside a previous decision or judgment, they state that it does not now have any legal effect, usually because they consider it to have been wrong    撤销，驳回（判决）
The Court of Appeal set aside his conviction.   上诉法院撤销了对他的判决。
IGNORE  
■to decide that you will not be influenced by your own feelings or opinions because they are not important at a particular time    忘却；不计较
In times of war people tend to set aside political differences.   战争期间，人们往往不计较政治歧异。
■to ignore or not think about a particular fact or situation while considering a matter    把…搁在一边；暂缓处理
Setting aside the question of cost, what do you think of the idea in principle?   先把成本问题搁在一边，理论上你觉得这个意见怎样？verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   set sb back (sth) informal 
■to cost someone a large amount of money    花去（某人）一大笔钱
Buying that suit must have set you back.   买这套衣服你得花一大笔钱。
That new car looks as if it set you back a bit, Geoff.   杰夫，那辆新车看来花了你不小的一笔钱吧。verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] set sth/sb back 
■to delay an event, process or person    耽误；延迟
The opening of the new swimming pool has been set back by a few weeks.   新游泳池开业延误了几个星期。
A war would inevitably set back the process of reform.   战争无疑会耽误改革的进程。
⇨ See also setbackverb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] set sth back 
■to reduce something to a weaker or less advanced state    削弱；使倒退；使受挫
This result has set back their chances of winning the competition.   这个结果降低了他们赢得这次竞赛的机会。
⇨ See also setbackverb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   set sth down 
WRITING  
[M often passive] 
■to write or print something, especially to record it in a formal document 
  （尤指作为正式档）写下，记录下
The rules of the club are set down in the members' handbook.   俱乐部的规则写在会员手册中。
AIRCRAFT     [M] 
■to land an aircraft    使（飞机）着陆verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] set sb down 
■If a vehicle sets down a passenger, it stops so that the passenger can get out 
  （车辆）停下来让（乘客）下车
The taxi set us down a long way from our hotel, and we had to walk.   计程车在离旅馆很远的地方放下了我们，我们只好步行了。verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] set sth forth    formal for 
■set sth out (DETAILS)    细节verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   set in 
■When something unpleasant sets in, it begins and seems likely to continue in a serious way 
  （不好的事）到来，开始（而且可能会持续）
This rain looks as if it has set in for the rest of the day.   看来今天雨不会停。
If you get bitten by a dog, you have to make sure the wound is properly cleaned, or an infection could set in.   如果你被狗咬了，必须确保伤口彻底清理干净，否则可能会发生感染。
Despair seems to have set in among the team.   整支队伍似乎陷入了绝望之中。verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   set off/out 
 IMPROVER  
■to start a journey    出发，启程
What time will we have to set off for the station tomorrow?   我们明天要甚么时候出发去车站？
Jenny set off down the road on her new bike.   珍妮骑着新脚踏车沿着马路出发了。
They've just set off on a round-the-world cruise.   他们刚刚出发去环球旅行。verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] set sth off 
CAUSE  
■to cause an activity or event, often a series of events, to begin or happen    引起，引发（常指一系列事件）
The court's initial verdict in the police officers' trial set off serious riots.   法庭审理这桩警官案件所作出的初审判决引起了严重的暴乱。
■to cause a loud noise or explosion, such as that made by a bomb or an alarm (= a warning sound) to begin or happen    使发出巨响；使爆炸，引爆
Terrorists set off a bomb in the city centre.   恐怖分子在市中心引爆了一颗炸弹。
Somebody set the alarm off on my car.   有人触发了我车上的报警器。
MAKE NOTICEABLE  
■to make something look attractive by providing a contrast (= attractive difference) to it 
  （透过对比）使更有吸引力；衬托
The new yellow cushions nicely set off the pale green of the chair covers.   黄色的新靠垫把浅绿色的椅套衬托得很好看。verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   set sb off informal 
■to cause someone to start doing something    使（某人）开始做
[+ -ing verb] Every time I think about it, it sets me off laughing.   每次我想到它，就会发笑。
She's finally stopped crying - now don't set her off again.   她终于不哭了——现在别再惹她哭了。verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   set sb/sth on sb 
■to make an animal or person attack someone    使…攻击（某人）
The security guards set their dogs on the intruders.   警卫放狗咬非法闯入者。
If you do that again, I'll set my big brother on you!   如果你再那么做，我会叫我大哥来对付你！verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   set on/upon sb 
[often passive] 
■to attack someone    攻击（某人）
He was set upon by a vicious dog.   他遭到一只恶犬的攻击。
■to surround or catch someone and prevent them from escaping    围困（某人）；堵截（某人）
As he left the theatre, the singer was set upon by fans desperate for autographs.   那名歌手在离开剧院时被疯狂的歌迷围住索取签名。verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   set out 
 IMPROVER  
■to start an activity with a particular aim 
  （怀着特定目的）开始，着手
She set out with the aim of becoming the youngest ever winner of the championship.   她努力的目标就是成为史上最年轻的冠军。
[+ to infinitive] They set out to discover a cure for cancer.   他们开始寻找一种治疗癌症的方法。
■to start a journey    出发，启程verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] set sth out 
DETAILS     (formal set sth forth) 
■to give the details of something or to explain it, especially in writing, in a clear, organized way 
  （尤指书面）详述，阐明
The management board has set out its goals/plans/proposals for the coming year.   资方委员会阐述了下一年的目标／计划／建议。
Your contract will set out the terms and conditions of your employment.   你的合约会详细说明聘任的期限和条件。
ARRANGEMENT  
■to arrange something, usually a number of things, in an attractive or organized way    摆放；陈列
The market was full of brightly coloured vegetables set out on stalls.   市场上到处都是色泽鲜亮的蔬菜，整整齐齐地摆在摊子上。
Every evening Michael sets out the breakfast things on the table, ready for the morning.   每天晚上麦克都会把早餐用具摆在桌上，为第二天早晨作好准备。verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   set to 
WORK  
■to start working or dealing with something in an energetic and determined way    干劲十足地开始做；毅然开始
If we all set to, we should be able to finish the job in a week.   如果我们都能认真做，就能在一星期内完成这项工作。
FIGHT     informal 
■to begin to fight    开始打架verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] set sth up 
 ESSENTIAL  
■to formally establish a new company, organization, system, way of working, etc    建立，创立（公司、机构、系统、工作方式等）
A committee has been set up to organize social events in the college.   大学里已经成立了一个委员会来安排学校里的社交活动。
She plans to set up her own business.   她计划创立自己的企业。
They've set up a fund for victims of the earthquake.   他们已经为地震中的受害者设立了一个基金会。
 IMPROVER  
■to arrange for an event or activity to happen    安排，策划
We need to set up a meeting to discuss the proposals.   我们需要安排一次会议来讨论这些建议。   


set 2	2. The government has agreed to set up a public enquiry.
 政府同意进行公开调查。
verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] set sb up 
ESTABLISH  
■to establish someone or yourself in a business or position    为（某人）安置职位，使（某人）就职
After he left college, his father set him up in the family business.   自从大学毕业后，他父亲就安顿他在家族企业中任职。
[R] She set herself up as an interior designer.   她当了一名室内设计师。
BENEFIT  
■to provide the money that someone needs for an important task or activity which is expected to last a long time    资助
Winning the lottery has set them up for life.   他们中了彩券，这使他们一生都吃穿不愁。
■to provide someone with the energy or health that you need for a particular period of time    使精力充沛；使健康
A good breakfast really sets you up for the day.   一顿好的早餐能使你一天精力充沛。
DECEIVE     [often passive] informal 
■to trick someone in order to make them do something, or in order to make them seem guilty of something that they have not done    给（某人）设下圈套；陷害，栽赃（某人）
They claimed that they weren't selling drugs, but that they'd been set up by the police.   他们声称自己没有贩卖毒品，是被警方栽赃陷害的。verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] set sth/sb up 
■to provide someone or something with all the necessary things for a particular activity or period of time    为…提供必需品
I think we're set up with everything we need for the journey.   我认为我们已经准备好了旅行需要的一切。
We went on a shopping trip and got him all set up for the new term.   我们去购物，为他准备好新学期需要的一切用品。verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] set (sth) up 
■to prepare something for use, especially by putting the different parts of it together    准备；（尤指）安装，装配
We only had a couple of hours to set up before the exhibition opened.   展览开始前，我们只有几个小时来准备。
I need one or two people to help me set up the equipment.   我需要一两个人帮我安装这台设备。verb (setting, set, set)
  Phrasal Verbs   [R] set yourself up as sth often disapproving 
■to say that you are a particular type of person    自称是，自命为
He sets himself up as an expert on vegetable growing, but he doesn't seem to me to know much about it.   他以蔬菜种植专家自居，但在我看来他对此懂得并不多。noun 
GROUP  组合  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a group of similar things that belong together in some way    套；副
We bought Charles and Mandy a set of cutlery as a wedding present.   我们为查尔斯和曼迪买了一套刀叉餐具，作为送给他们的结婚礼物。
I always keep a tool set in the back of my car.   我一直都在汽车的后车箱内放着一套工具。
The doctor said that he hadn't seen this particular set of symptoms before.   医生说他以前没有见过这种症候群。
We need to establish a new set of priorities.   我们需要重新安排应优先考虑的一组事项。
 ADVANCED  countable 
■a number of objects or pieces of equipment needed for a particular activity, especially playing a game 
  （尤指游戏用的）一套用具
a chess/train/chemistry set   一副象棋／一组模型列车／一套化学实验用品
countable specialized 
■In mathematics, a set is a group of objects with stated characteristics. 
  （数学中的）集，集合
countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a group of people who have similar interests and ways of living    有相同爱好的一伙人
the London set   伦敦人
She's got in with a very arty set.   她和一群搞艺术的人在一起。
The smart set is/are going to the Caprice restaurant this season.   时尚人士在这个社交季节里要去卡普利斯餐厅。noun 
FILM/PLAY  戏／剧  
 ADVANCED  countable 
■the place where a film or play is performed or recorded, and the pictures, furniture, etc. that are used    布景；场景
a film set   电影场景
a stage set   舞台布景
a set designer   布景师
They first met on the set of 'Star Wars'.   他们第一次见面是在《星际大战》的拍摄场地。noun 
PART  部分  
 ADVANCED  countable 
■a part of a game of tennis 
  （网球比赛的）一局
They won in straight sets (= They won every set).   他们一局未失。
 ADVANCED  countable 
■a musical performance which forms part of a concert , especially one of pop music or jazz 
  （尤指流行音乐或爵士音乐会上的）一段表演
The band's opening set lasted 45 minutes.   乐队的开场表演持续了45分钟。noun 
POSITION  位置  
the set of sth 
■the position in which you hold a part of your body 
  （身体部位的）姿势，样子
I could tell from the set of his jaw that he was angry.   看他绷得紧紧的下巴，我便知道他在生气。
countable 
■the act of having your hair set    做头发
a shampoo and set   洗头并做发型noun 
TELEVISION  电视  
countable 
■a television    电视机
We need a new television set.   我们需要一台新电视机。adjective 
READY  准备  
[after verb] 
■ready and prepared    准备好的，预先准备的
Shall we go now - is everyone set?   我们可以走了吗——大家准备好了吗？
Is everything all set for the party?   派对一切都准备妥当了吗？
At the beginning of a race, the starter often says "On your marks, get set, go" or "Ready, get set, go".   发令者在起跑时常说：“各就位，预备，跑。”
We were just getting set to leave when Ben said he had something important to tell us.   当班说他有一些重要的事要告诉我们时我们正准备离开。
[after verb] 
■likely or in a suitable condition    可能的；在适当条件下的
He looks set to become world champion again this year.   他今年似乎有可能再次成为世界冠军。adjective 
FIXED  固定  
■fixed or never changing    不变的，固定的
My parents say I have to be home by a set time.   我父母说我得在规定的时间回家。
The restaurant does a set lunch (= a meal which is offered at a fixed price, but with little or no choice about what you have to eat) on Sundays.   这家餐馆星期天午餐供应套餐。
The receptionist had a bright set smile on his face, but I could tell that he was bored.   接待员带着一成不变的灿烂微笑，但我看得出其实他觉得很厌倦。
My father has very set opinions/views on the matter.   我父亲在这件事上的看法很难改变。
set expression/phrase 
■a phrase in which the words are always used in the same order    固定说法／片语adjective 
STUDY  阅读  
[before noun] 
■a set book is one that must be studied for a particular course    必修课本（修读特定课程时必须学习的课本）
The students are reading 'Lord of the Flies' as one of their set books/texts this year.   学生们今年的规定阅读书目中有《蝇王》。adjective 
be (dead) set against sth 
■to be determined not to do something    坚决反对
Why are you so set against going to college?   你为甚么这么反对上大学呢？
They are dead set against (= strongly opposed to) the plans to close the local hospital.   他们坚决反对关闭当地医院的计划。adjective 
be set fair UK old-fashioned 
■to be sunny and dry and not changing or expected to change    持续晴朗干燥adjective 
be set in your ways 
■to do the same things every day and to not want to change those habits    因循守旧
As people get older, they often become set in their ways.   随着年岁渐长，人们行事也往往跟着一成不变起来。adjective 
be set on/upon sth 
■to be determined to do something    下决心做
She seems set on marrying him.   她似乎已打定主意要嫁给他。



★☆☆   set-aside
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■when farmers are paid in order not to grow crops on areas of land, or land of this type    退耕，休耕（指付钱给农民使其不在某些田地上种植作物）；退耕地，休耕地



★☆☆   setback
—————————————————
noun countable 
■something that happens which delays or prevents a process from advancing    挫折；障碍
Sally had been recovering well from her operation, but yesterday she experienced/suffered a setback.   莎莉手术后一直恢复良好，但昨天她的病情再度复发。
There has been a slight/temporary setback in our plans.   我们的计划遭到了一点／暂时的挫败。
⇨ See also set back;set back



★☆☆   set piece 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■part of a film, play, etc. which is exciting and attracts attention, but is often not a necessary part of the story 
  （电影、戏剧等中激动人心却往往没有必要的）噱头，固定套路
■a move in a sports game that has been planned and practised    事先布置好的战术（体育运动中已规划和实践过的战术）



★☆☆   set point 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■If a tennis player has a set point, it means that if they win the next point, they will win the set (= important part of a tennis competition). 
  （网球比赛中的）盘末点



★☆☆   setsquare
—————————————————
UK US  (also triangle) UK 
noun countable 
■a flat piece of metal or plastic in the shape of a triangle with one angle of 90°, which is used for drawing angles    三角板    Compare T-square



★☆☆   settee
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a long soft seat with a back and usually with arms; a sofa    长沙发
US 
■a long wooden seat which has a back    长靠背椅



★☆☆   setter
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a dog with long hair, which is sometimes trained to help hunters find birds or animals to shoot. There are various types of setter 
  （经过训练可帮助猎人发现猎物的）蹲伏猎狗
an Irish setter   爱尔兰蹲伏猎狗
a red setter   红色蹲伏狗



★☆☆   setting
—————————————————
UK noun 
POSITION  位置  
 IMPROVER  countable usually singular 
■the position of a house or other building    位置；环境
Their cottage is in an idyllic rural setting.   他们的农舍地处恬静宜人的乡村。
 IMPROVER  countable usually singular 
■the time and the place in which the action of a book, film, play, etc. happens 
  （小说、电影、戏剧等的）情节背景
The play has its setting in a wartime prison camp.   这部戏的背景是战争时期的战俘营。
countable    * a place setting UK noun 
CONTROLS  调控  
countable 
■a position on the controls of a piece of equipment 
  （机器的）调控装置
My hairdryer has three settings - high, medium and low.   我的吹风机有三段——高温、中温和低温。
You don't need to adjust the setting every time you take a photo.   你不必每次拍照片的时候都调整设定。UK noun 
JEWELLERY  宝石  
countable 
■the piece of metal in a ring, or other piece of jewellery, into which a precious stone is fixed    安置宝石的底座；镶嵌底座
a single diamond in a plain gold setting   镶嵌在纯金底座上的单颗钻石UK noun 
MUSIC 音乐  
countable 
■music written or provided for a poem or other words so that they can be sung    为…谱曲；给…配乐
He sang Schubert's setting of a Goethe poem.   他唱了一曲，是舒伯特为歌德的诗谱写的乐曲。



★☆☆   settle
—————————————————
UK verb 
AGREE  同意  
 IMPROVER  transitive 
■to reach a decision or an agreement about something, or to end a disagreement    确定；决定；解决，结束（争端等）
Good, that's all settled - you send out the invitations for the party, and I'll organize the food.   好，那就这么决定了——你发送派对的请帖，我来准备吃的。
[+ question word] They haven't yet settled wh en the wedding is going to be.   他们还没有确订婚礼在甚么时候举行。
"The tickets are £40 each." "Well, that settles that then - I can't afford that much."   “入场券每张40英镑。”“好吧，那就算了吧，我付不起那么多钱。”
I'd like to get this matter settled once and for all (= reach a final decision on it).   我想把这件事了结了。
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■to arrange something    安排
The details of the contract have not yet been settled.   合约的细节问题仍然没有谈妥。
Our lawyer advised us that it would be better to settle out of court (= reach an agreement in a legal case without it being decided in a court of law).   我们的律师建议我们最好在庭外和解。
It took months to settle (= bring to an end) the dispute/strike.   用了好几个月的时间才解决这次争端／结束这次罢工。
My father and I have agreed finally to settle our differences (= stop arguing).   我和我父亲最后同意不再争论。UK verb 
MAKE COMFORTABLE  使舒适  
 ADVANCED  intransitive or transitive [usually + adv/prep] 
■to relax into a comfortable position 
  （使）放松地处在舒适的位置上
After dinner we settled in front of the television for the evening.   晚饭后，我们舒舒服服地坐在电视机前。
The dentist told her patient to settle back in the chair.   牙医让病人靠在椅子上放松。
[R] He settled himself down with a newspaper, and waited for the train to arrive.   他安逸地坐下来看报纸，等候火车到来。UK verb 
LIVE  生活  
 ADVANCED  intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to go and live somewhere, especially permanently 
  （尤指永久地）定居，安家
After they got married, they settled in Brighton.   他们结婚后在布莱顿定居下来。
 ADVANCED  intransitive or transitive [often passive] 
■to arrive, especially from another country, in a new place and establish yourself, taking the land as your own 
  （尤指从别国）移居殖民地；殖民
America was first settled by people who came across from Asia over 25 000 years ago.   2.5万年前，从亚洲来的移民首次在美洲安家落户。UK verb 
MOVE LOWER  下降  
 ADVANCED  intransitive 
■to move to a lower level and stay there; to drop    降落；沈降
The house had been empty for years, and dust had settled on all the surfaces.   这栋房子多年来一直空着，所有东西上面都积了一层灰。
Do you think the snow will settle (= remain on the ground and other surfaces without melting) ?   你认为会积雪吗？
The contents of this packet may settle (= fall towards the bottom of the container and so seem to be less).   包装里的东西可压实一些。UK verb 
PAY  支付  
intransitive or transitive 
■to pay, especially money that you owe    支付（尤指欠款或被索款项）；偿付；结算
Please settle your account/bill without further delay.   请立即付清账款／账单，勿再拖延。
It took the insurance company months to settle my claim.   保险公司用了好几个月才付清我的理赔金。
formal Payment of your account is now overdue, and we must ask you to settle (= pay the money you owe) immediately.   您帐上的款项已逾期未付，我们必须请您马上付清。UK verb 
QUIET  安静  
intransitive or transitive 
■to become quiet and calm, or to make something or someone do this 
  （使）安静下来；（使）平静下来
The weather is expected to settle towards the end of the week.   天气预计会在周末时稳定下来。
I'll call you back as soon as I've settled the children for the night.   我把孩子们安顿下来睡觉后，就马上回你电话。
Before a performance, she takes three deep breaths to settle her nerves.   在演出之前，她会深呼吸三次来平定紧张的情绪。
We're very busy this week, but things should settle (down) a bit after the weekend.   我们这个星期很忙，不过周末之后事情应该会少一点。
UK Joe's parents are very worried about him because he doesn't seem to be able to settle to (= to give his whole attention to) anything.   乔的父母很为他担心，因为乔似乎做甚么事都不能够定下心来。UK verb 
BE IN A CERTAIN STATE  处于特定状态  
intransitive + adverb or preposition 
■to reach and remain at a certain level or in a certain state    稳定下来
The pound rose slightly against the dollar today, then settled at $1.53.   英镑对美元的汇率今天略有上升，之后便停留在1.53美元的价位上。
A peaceful expression settled on her face.   她脸上现出一副平静的神色。
After the recent riots, an uneasy calm has settled on the city.   最近的暴乱平息后，城里笼罩着一种令人不安的平静气氛。UK verb 
settle your affairs formal 
■to decide what will happen to your possessions after your death, usually by making a legal document 
  （通常透过立遗嘱）安排死后财产继承事宜，安排身后事UK verb 
settle an (old) score (also settle (old) scores) 
■to harm someone because they have harmed you in the past    清算旧帐，报复
The President used his speech to settle some old scores with his opponents.   总统利用他的演说对他的对手进行了还击。UK verb 
settle an account 
■to harm someone because they have harmed you in the past    清算旧帐，报复
Police think that the killings may be a result of accounts being settled between local gangs.   警方认为这些谋杀事件可能是当地黑帮互相清算旧帐的结果。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   settle down 
FEEL COMFORTABLE  
 ADVANCED  (also settle into somewhere) 
■to become familiar with a place and to feel happy and confident in it    安顿下来，习惯于新环境
She quickly settled down in her new house/job/school.   她很快适应了新居／新工作／新学校的生活。
MAKE HOME  
 ADVANCED  
■to start living in a place where you intend to stay for a long time, usually with your partner 
  （通常与伴侣）定居，安定下来
Eventually I'd like to settle down and have a family, but not yet.   最终我想安定下来生儿育女，但现在还没有。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   settle (sb) down 
■to become quiet and calm, or to make someone become quiet and calm 
  （使）安静下来；（使）平静下来
Come on children, stop chatting and settle down please!   行了，孩子们，别吵了，请安静！
They settled down on the sofa to watch the film.   他们安静下来坐到沙发上看电影。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   settle for sth 
■to accept or agree to something, or to decide to have something, although it is not exactly what you want or it is not the best    无奈接受；勉强同意
They were hoping to sell their car for £2000, but settled for £1500.   他们本来希望他们的汽车能卖2000英镑，但后来只得以1500英镑卖掉了。
He wants a full refund and he won't settle for anything less.   他想全额退款，少一分也不行。
She never settles for second best.   她从不甘心于退而求其次。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   settle in 
■to become familiar with somewhere new, such as a new house, job or school, and to feel comfortable and happy there    适应新环境，安顿下来
Once we've settled in, you must come round for dinner.   一旦我们安顿下来，你一定要过来吃饭。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] settle sb in 
■to help someone to become familiar with a new job or a new place where they will be living, working or staying    帮助（某人）适应新环境，安顿（某人）
The nurse will be with you soon - she's settling a new patient in at the moment.   护士马上就会到你这里来——她现在正在安顿一位新来的病人。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   settle on sth 
■to agree on a decision    选定，决定
Have you settled on a name for the baby?   你们决定给宝宝取甚么名字了吗？UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   settle sth on sb legal 
■to formally give money or property to someone    赠与（某人财产）
When my uncle died, he settled £1000 a year on me.   我叔叔死后，他赠与我每年1000英镑。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   settle up 
■to pay someone the money that you owe them    结账；付清欠款
Would you like to settle up now, sir?   先生，您想现在结账吗？
You buy the tickets and I'll settle up with you later.   你来买票，稍后我和你算帐。




★☆☆   settled
—————————————————
UK adjective 
COMFORTABLE  舒适  
[after verb] 
■if you feel settled in a job, school, etc., you have become familiar with it and are comfortable and happy there    习惯的，舒适自在的（如果你在一个职业、学校等安顿下来，表示你熟悉之，对之感到舒适和快乐）
Now that the children are settled at school, we don't really want to move again.   孩子们已经在学校里安定下来，我们确实不大想再搬家了。
Although I worked there for over a year, I never really felt settled.   虽然我在那里已经工作一年多了，但我从未觉得真正安定下来。UK adjective 
HOME  家居  
■living somewhere, especially permanently 
  （尤指永久性地）定居，安家
After many years of travelling around, we're now enjoying a more settled life.   多年游历之后，我们现在享受着一种较为稳定的生活。UK adjective 
QUIET  安静  
■Settled weather is calm and unlikely to change.    稳定的（稳定的天气是平稳的，不太可能变化）
It looks as if we are in for a settled spell this week.   看来这个星期天气似乎会比较稳定。



★☆☆   settlement
—————————————————
UK noun 
AGREE  同意  
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable 
■an official agreement that finishes an argument 
  （结束争端的）协定
It now seems unlikely that it will be possible to negotiate/reach a peaceful settlement of the conflict.   现在看来和平解决这一冲突是不可能的。
As part of their divorce settlement, Geoff agreed to let Polly keep the house.   作为离婚协议的一部分，杰夫同意房子归波莉所有。
 ADVANCED  countable 
■an arrangement to end a disagreement involving a law having been broken, without taking it to a court of law, or an amount of money paid as part of such an arrangement    庭外和解（费）
They reached an out-of-court settlement.   他们达成了庭外和解。
The actor accepted a settlement of £100 000 from the newspaper.   这名演员接受了报社十万英镑的庭外和解费。UK noun 
HOME  家居  
countable or uncountable 
■a place where people come to live or the process of settling in such a place    定居；定居地
A large Roman settlement has been discovered just outside the town.   在城外发现了一处大型古罗马人聚落。
Many Native Americans were killed during the settlement of the American West by Europeans in the nineteenth century.   许多美洲印第安人在19世纪欧洲人在美国西部开拓殖民地的过程中被杀害。UK noun 
PAYMENT  支付  
countable or uncountable 
■the action of paying money to someone    结算；结帐；支付
The settlement of his debts took him several months.   他花了几个月时间还清了债务。
I enclose a cheque in settlement of your claim.   我附上一张支票支付你的索赔。
legal Her mother made a settlement on her (= made a formal arrangement to give her money) when she started college.   她开始读大学时，她母亲赠与了她一笔钱。UK noun 
MOVEMENT LOWER  下降  
uncountable 
■the process of the slow sinking of a building or the ground 
  （建筑物、地面的）沈降，下沉



★☆☆   settler
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who arrives, especially from another country, in a new place and takes the land in order to live on it and farm it 
  （尤指来自别国的）移居者，定居者；殖民者



★☆☆   set-to
—————————————————
 /&#x2CC;-'-] informal 
noun countable usually singular 
■a short argument or fight 
  （短暂的）争吵，打斗
Dad had a bit of a set-to with the neighbours about their playing loud music all the time.   爸爸因为邻居整天大声放着音乐而和他们发生了一些小摩擦。



★☆☆   set-top box
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an electronic device that makes it possible to watch digital broadcasts on ordinary televisions 
  （安装在普通电视机之上从而能够收看数位元节目的）机上盒



★☆☆   set-up
—————————————————
UK noun 
ARRANGE  安排  
only singular 
■the way in which things are organized or arranged    组织结构，组织设置
When I started my new job, it took me a while to get used to the set-up.   我开始新工作的时候，花了一段时间才适应这种组织形式。
"Nice little set-up you've got here, " he said as we showed him round the house.   “你们这里布置安排得真是不错，”我们带他看房子时他说道。UK noun 
TRICK  骗局  
countable usually singular informal 
■a situation in which someone is tricked into doing something or is made to seem guilty of something they have not done    骗局（这种情况下，某人被骗去做某事，或受别人摆布，使其看来犯了某种其实际上没有犯的罪）
When drugs were found in her luggage, she claimed it was a set-up.   在她的行李里发现了毒品后，她声称这是被人陷害的。



★☆☆   seven
—————————————————
number 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the number 7 
  （数字）七
The restaurant opens for dinner at seven o'clock.   餐厅在七点钟开门供应晚餐。
We're open seven days a week (= every day).   我们一周七天都开放。



★☆☆   seventeen
—————————————————
number 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the number 17 
  （数位）17
sixteen, seventeen, eighteen   16， 17， 18
Is that a seventeen on the front of that bus?   那辆公车的前面是不是写着17？



★☆☆   seventeenth
—————————————————
ordinal number 
■17th written as a word    第十七（的）noun countable 
■one of seventeen equal parts of something    十七分之一



★☆☆   seventh
—————————————————
ordinal number 
 ESSENTIAL  
■7th written as a word    第七（的）
It's the seventh (of May) today.   今天是（5月）7日。
Our team was/came seventh.   我们队得了第七名。ordinal number 
be in seventh heaven informal humorous 
■to be extremely happy    极为快乐
Since they got married, they've been in seventh heaven.   他们结婚后极其幸福。noun countable 
■one of seven equal parts of something    七分之一



★☆☆   Seventh-Day Adventist
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a member of a Christian group which believes that Jesus Christ will return to the Earth soon, and which has Saturday as its day for worship    基督复临安息日会教友



★☆☆   seventieth
—————————————————
UK ordinal number 
■70th written as a word    第七十UK noun countable 
■one of seventy equal parts of something    七十分之一



★☆☆   seventy
—————————————————
UK number 
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■the number 70 
  （数位）70
sixty, seventy, eighty   60， 70， 80
This house was built seventy years ago.   这栋房子建于70年前。
She's getting on for seventy.   她将近七十岁了。UK noun 
seventies [plural] 
■A person's seventies are the period in which they are aged between 70 and 79    七十多岁（指70到79岁的时期）
He's very active considering he's in his seventies.   鉴于他都70多岁了，他已经算是非常有活力的了。
the seventies [plural] 
■the range of temperature between 70° and 79° Fahrenheit    七十多度（指华氏70到79度之间）
The temperature is expected to reach the seventies tomorrow.   明天的温度预计会达到华氏70多度。
■the period of years between 70 and 79 in any century    七十年代
Flared trousers and platform shoes were fashionable in the seventies (= between 1970 and 1979).   喇叭裤和厚底鞋在20世纪70年代风行一时。



★☆☆   seventy-eight
—————————————————
UK US  (also 78) 
noun countable 
■an old-fashioned record which is played by being turned around 78 times every minute    78转唱片



★☆☆   seven-year itch
—————————————————
UK  US  informal humorous 
noun uncountable 
■If a married person has the seven-year itch, they are feeling unhappy with their marriage after seven years, and are considering having a sexual relationship with someone who is not their wife or husband.    七年之痒（指结婚七年后对婚姻不满，欲找寻婚外情）



★☆☆   sever
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to break or separate, especially by cutting    弄断；分开；（尤指）切断，割断
The knife severed an artery and he bled to death.   刀子割断了动脉，他流血过多而死。
Her foot was severed from her leg in a car accident.   在一次车祸中，她的脚断了。
Electricity cables have been severed by the storm.   风暴弄断了电缆。
■to end a connection with someone or something    中断，断绝（联系）
The US severed diplomatic relations with Cuba in 1961.   美国于1961年断绝与古巴的外交关系。
The company has severed its connection/links/relationship/ties with its previous partners.   公司断绝了与前合作伙伴之间的联系／关系。



★☆☆   several
—————————————————
UK determiner pronoun 
 ESSENTIAL  
■some; an amount that is not exact but is fewer than many    一些；几个
I've seen 'Gone with the Wind' several times.   我已经看过好几遍《乱世佳人》了。
Several people have complained about the scheme.   已经有好几个人抱怨过这项计划了。
Several of my friends are learning English at language schools in Cambridge.   我有几个朋友在剑桥的语言学校学英语。UK adjective [before noun] formal 
■separate; different; respective    各自的，分别的
We are striving to reach an agreement which will satisfy the several interests of the parties concerned.   我们正在努力达成一个能满足有关各方各自利益的协议。



★☆☆   severance
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■money paid by an employer to an employee whose job the employer has had to bring to an end    资遣费，遣散费
The management have offered employees one week's severance (pay) for each six months they have worked at the company.   资方以每工作六个月支付一星期工资的标准向员工们发放了遣散费。
a severance agreement/deal/package   遣散费协定
■formal 
■the act of ending a connection, relationship, etc. or of being separated from a person, place, etc. 
  （联系、关系等的）断绝，中断；分离
The minister announced the severance of aid to the country.   部长宣布中断对该国的援助。
The hardest thing to cope with was the severance from his family.   最难处理的事情是他与家人的分离。



★☆☆   severe
—————————————————
UK adjective 
VERY SERIOUS  非常严重的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■causing very great pain, difficulty, worry, damage, etc; very serious    非常严重的；剧烈的；惨重的
a severe chest infection/leg injury/toothache   十分严重的胸腔感染／腿伤／牙痛
This is a school for children with severe learning difficulties.   这是一所为有严重学习障碍的孩子设立的学校。
In parts of Africa there is a severe food/water shortage.   非洲的一些地方存在严重的粮食／水资源短缺问题。
There is expected to be a severe frost tonight.   今晚预计会出现严重的霜冻。
Severe cutbacks in public spending have been announced.   已经宣布对公共支出进行大幅度缩减。
■extreme or very difficult    极度的；非常困难的
This will be a severe test of our strength.   这将是对我们实力的严峻考验。UK adjective 
NOT KIND  不和善的  
■not kind or sympathetic; not willing to accept other people's mistakes or failures    不和善的；冷酷的；严厉的；苛刻的
The headteacher spoke in a severe voice.   校长说话的口吻很严厉。
The government is currently facing severe criticism.   政府目前正遭到严厉的批评。
There are severe penalties for failing to declare all your income to the tax authorities.   未向税务机关申报个人全部收入会受到严厉的处罚。UK adjective 
PLAIN  朴素的     often disapproving 
■completely plain and without decoration    不加装饰的，朴素的，简朴的
She wore a severe black dress, and plain black shoes.   她穿了一件朴素的黑色连身裙和一双普通的黑鞋子。
I don't like these severe modern buildings.   我不喜欢这些没有任何装饰的现代建筑。



★☆☆   severely
—————————————————
UK adverb 
VERY SERIOUSLY  非常严重地  
 IMPROVER  
■very seriously    严重地
Their daughter was severely injured in a car accident.   他们的女儿在一次车祸中受了重伤。
severely disabled/handicapped   严重残疾
Job opportunities are severely limited/restricted at the moment.   目前工作机会非常短缺。UK adverb 
NOT KINDLY  不和善地  
■not kindly or sympathetically    严厉地
I was severely reprimanded by my boss.   我被老板狠狠地斥责了一顿。
"I will not allow that kind of behaviour in my class, " the teacher said severely.   “我不会允许在我班上出现这种行为，”老师厉声说道。UK adverb 
PLAINLY  朴素地  
■completely plainly    简洁地
She dresses very severely.   她穿着非常朴素。



★☆☆   severity
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
SERIOUS  严重的  
■seriousness    严重
Even the doctors were shocked by the severity of his injuries.   连医生也对他伤势的严重程度感到震惊。
I don't think you quite understand the severity of our financial problems.   我认为你还不太了解我们财务问题的严重程度。UK noun uncountable 
NOT KIND  不和善的  
■harshness or unfriendliness    严厉，苛刻
He spoke with great severity.   他说话非常严肃。
The severity of the punishment should match the seriousness of the crime.   惩罚的严厉程度应该与所犯罪行的轻重相当。UK noun uncountable 
PLAIN  朴素的  
■plainness    简朴；单纯



★☆☆   sew
—————————————————
UK  US  US (sewed, sewn or sewed)
verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   sew sth up 
REPAIR  
[M] 
■to close or repair something by sewing the edges together    缝合；缝补
I've got to sew up that hole in your jeans.   我得把你牛仔裤上的那个洞缝起来。
A nurse will come and sew up that wound for you soon.   马上就有护士来为你缝合伤口。
BE SUCCESSFUL     [usually passive] informal 
■If you have a competition or game sewn up, you are certain you can win it or get control of it    确信能赢得，对…胜券在握；视…为囊中之物
The Democrats appear to have the election sewn up.   民主党看来已确信会在选举中获胜。
[M] 
■to complete all the arrangements for a successful business agreement    谈妥，敲定（交易）
It's going to take another week or two to sew up this deal.   要再花一两个星期才能谈妥这笔交易。




★☆☆   sewage
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■waste matter such as water or human urine or solid waste    污水；污物
Some cities in the world do not have proper facilities for the disposal of sewage.   世界上的某些城市没有适当的污水处理设施。
Raw/untreated sewage is being pumped into the sea, from where it pollutes our beaches.   未经处理的污水被排入大海，污染了我们的海滩。
■the system of carrying away waste water and human waste from houses and other buildings through large underground pipes or passages    排污系统



★☆☆   sewage works
—————————————————
UK (UK also sewage farm) (US sewage treatment plant) 
noun countable 
■a place where sewage is treated so that it can be safely got rid of or changed into fertilizer    污水处理厂；污物处理厂



★☆☆   sewer
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a large pipe, usually underground, which is used for carrying waste water and human waste, such as urine and solid waste, away from buildings to a place where they can be safely got rid of    下水道；排水管；阴沟
a sewer pipe   排水管
A complicated system of sewers runs under the city.   城市的地底下布有复杂的排水系统。
open sewer 
■a channel for carrying away waste water and waste from the human body which is above the ground and is not covered    明沟



★☆☆   sewerage
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■sewage 



★☆☆   sewing
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■a piece of cloth that is being or needs to be sewn    缝制中的布料；待缝制的布料
She put her sewing down.   她放下手里的针线活。
 ADVANCED  
■the skill or activity of making or repairing clothes or other things made from cloth    缝纫法；缝纫；缝补
I'm not very good at sewing.   我不太擅长做针线活。



★☆☆   sewing machine 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a machine which is used for joining together pieces of cloth, and which has a needle that is operated either by turning a handle, or by electricity    缝纫机



★☆☆   sex
—————————————————
noun 
MALE OR FEMALE  雄性或雌性  
 ESSENTIAL  uncountable 
■the state of being either male or female    性别
What sex is your cat?   你的猫是公的还是母的？
Some tests enable you to find out the sex of your baby before it's born.   有些检查能让你在婴儿出生之前知道其性别。
It's illegal to discriminate against people on the basis of (their) sex.   性别歧视是违法的。
She accused her employer of sex discrimination (= of treating her unfairly because she was a woman).   她指控自己的雇主有性别歧视。
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■all males considered as a group, or all females considered as a group    男性；女性
She seems to regard all members of the male sex as inferior.   她似乎认为所有的男性都低她一等。
Members of the opposite sex are not allowed in students' rooms overnight.   在学生宿舍不允许异性留宿。noun 
ACTIVITY  活动  
 ESSENTIAL  uncountable 
■sexual activity involving the penis or vagina, especially when a man puts his penis into a woman's vagina    性活动；（尤指）性行为，性交
Sex before/outside marriage is strongly disapproved of in some cultures.   在有些文化中，婚前／婚外性行为是被强烈抵制的。
She was complaining about all the sex and violence on television.   她抱怨电视上充斥着性和暴力画面。
She'd been having sex with a colleague at work for years.   多年来她一直和一位同事保持着性关系。
Most young people now receive sex education at school.   现在大多数年轻人在学校里接受性教育。
extramarital / premarital sex   婚外／婚前性行为
casual sex (= sex with someone you do not know)   随意性行为
unprotected sex (= sex without using something to prevent disease or becoming pregnant)   无防护措施的性行为verb 
transitive specialized 
■to discover whether an animal is male or female    辨别…的性别
How do you sex fish?   你如何辨别鱼的雌雄？verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] sex sth up informal 
■to make something seem more exciting or interesting    使更精彩；使更有趣
How can we sex up science writing?   我们如何能把科学写作变得更有趣呢？




★☆☆   sexagenarian
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who is between 60 and 69 years old    花甲之年，六旬老人



★☆☆   sex appeal 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the quality of being sexually attractive    性魅力，性感



★☆☆   sex change (operation) 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an operation which, together with hormone treatment, gives a man many of the characteristics of a woman, or a woman many of the characteristics of a man    变性手术



★☆☆   sexism
—————————————————
 disapproving 
noun uncountable 
■(actions based on) the belief that the members of one sex are less intelligent, able, skilful, etc. than the members of the other sex, especially that women are less able than men    性别主义；（尤指对女性的）性别歧视，性别偏见
The university has been accused of sexism because it has so few women professors.   这所大学被指控存在性别歧视，因为女教授极少。



★☆☆   sexist
—————————————————
 disapproving 
adjective 
■Sexist jokes or comments suggest that women are less able than men or refer to women's bodies, behaviour or feelings in a negative way    带有性别歧视的
sexist comments/jokes   带有性别歧视的评论／玩笑



★☆☆   sex kitten
—————————————————
old-fashioned 
noun countable 
■a sexually attractive young woman    性感女郎



★☆☆   sexless
—————————————————
adjective 
SEX  性  
■not being sexually attractive or not having an interest in sex    缺乏性感的，不性感的
I've always found her rather sexless.   我总是觉得她一点都不性感。adjective 
MALE OR FEMALE  雄性或雌性  
■without sexual characteristics    无性别的，无性特征的    Compare neuter



★☆☆   sex life 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person's sexual activities and relationships    性生活
Many new parents find that having a baby seriously affects their sex life.   许多刚做父母的人发现有了小孩严重影响了他们的性生活。



★☆☆   sex-linked
—————————————————
adjective 
■If something is sex-linked, it is found only among males or only among females    与性别有关的；性连锁的，伴性的
Haemophilia is a sex-linked disease.   血友病是一种伴性疾病。



★☆☆   sex maniac 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■someone who always wants to have sex and thinks about it too much    性欲狂



★☆☆   sex object 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■If you consider someone to be, or you treat someone like a sex object, you are only interested in them sexually, and not as a person    性对象
She wanted to be regarded as more than just a sex object.   她希望不仅仅是被当作性对象。



★☆☆   sex offender 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person who commits a crime involving a sexual attack    性犯罪者
Some parents are demanding access to the sex offenders' register (= a list, kept by the police, of all the people who have been found guilty in a court of a sexual offence).   一些家长要求查看性犯罪者的名单。



★☆☆   sexologist
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who studies human sexual behaviour    性学专家



★☆☆   sex organ 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a part of the body involved in the production of babies, such as the vagina or penis    性器官，生殖器官



★☆☆   sexpot
—————————————————
UK US  informal 
noun countable 
■a woman who is sexually exciting or is very interested in sex. Some people, especially women, consider this offensive.    极富性感（或性欲极强）的女人（一些人，尤其是女性，认为该词具有冒犯性）



★☆☆   sex shop 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a shop that sells products connected with sexual activity, including magazines, clothing and equipment    性用品商店； 情趣用品店



★☆☆   sex-starved
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■having not had enough sex recently    性饥渴的



★☆☆   sex symbol 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■someone famous who is considered very sexually attractive by many people    性感偶像
Marilyn Monroe is one of the cinema's most famous sex symbols.   玛丽莲‧梦露是电影业中最著名的性感偶像之一。



★☆☆   sextant
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a device used on a ship or aircraft for measuring angles, such as those between stars or that between the sun and the Earth, in order to discover the exact position of the ship or aircraft 
  （船舶或飞机精确定位用的）六分仪



★☆☆   sextet
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a group of six musicians or singers who play or sing together, or a piece of music for six players or singers    六重唱组合；六重奏乐团；六重唱（曲）；六重奏（曲）
a jazz sextet   爵士乐六重奏
a sextet for strings, oboe and flute   弦乐、双簧管和长笛六重奏



★☆☆   sex therapy 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■advice and/or training given by an expert to help people who have sexual problems    性（功能）治疗



★☆☆   sexton
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person whose job is to take care of a church building and its graveyard , and sometimes to ring the church bells    教堂司事（负责看管教堂及其墓地，有时也负责敲钟）



★☆☆   sex tourism 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■when someone travels to another country for the purpose of paying to have sex, especially with children 
  （尤指为与儿童发生性关系的）性旅游
Several European governments have pledged to work together to crack down on child pornography and sex tourism.   欧洲数国政府已承诺要协同打击儿童色情和性旅游。



★☆☆   sex toy
—————————————————
(UK also sex aid) 
noun countable 
■an object that people use to increase their sexual pleasure, such as a dildo or a vibrator    情趣用品；性用品；性玩具（人们用于增加性快感的一种物件，如假阳具或振动器）



★☆☆   sextuplet
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■any of six children born to the same mother at the same time    六胞胎之一



★☆☆   sexual
—————————————————
adjective 
SEX  性的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■relating to the activity of sex    性的，性行为的
Most people remember their first sexual experience.   大多数人都记得他们的第一次性经验。
a sexual relationship   性关系
sexual assault / harassment   性侵害／性骚扰
FORMAL sexual intercourse (= the act of having sex)   性交
sexual orientation / preference (= whether someone chooses to have sex with men, women, or both)   性倾向
■relating to the reproduction of babies by the combining of a cell from a male with a cell from a female    有性繁殖的
sexual reproduction   有性繁殖adjective 
MALE OR FEMALE  雄性或雌性  
 ESSENTIAL  
■relating to being male or female    性别的
Sexual equality will not be achieved until there is more provision for childcare.   只有提供更多的幼儿保育服务，才会实现男女平等。
Some steps have been taken towards ending sexual discrimination (= treating people unfairly because of which sex they are).   已经采取了一些措施来消除性别歧视。



★☆☆   sexual abuse 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the activity of having sex with a child or old person or someone who is mentally ill, against their wishes or without their agreement 
  （对儿童、老人或精神病人的）性虐待



★☆☆   sexuality
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■someone's ability to experience or express sexual feelings    性能力；性欲
She was uncomfortably aware of her son's developing sexuality.   她意识到儿子的性冲动日渐增强，非常不安。



★☆☆   sexually
—————————————————
adverb 
SEX  性  
■to do with sexual activity    性欲地，在性方面
She's fun to be with, but I don't find her sexually attractive (= do not want to have sex with her).   和她在一起很有趣，但在性方面她对我没有吸引力。adverb 
MALE OR FEMALE  雄性或雌性  
■to do with being male or female    有性地；性别地
sexually stereotyped behaviour (= behaviour which is considered to be typical of a male or a female)   典型的性别行为



★☆☆   sexually transmitted disease
—————————————————
(abbreviation STD) 
noun countable 
■a disease that people become infected with during sexual activity    性传染病
AIDS is a sexually transmitted disease.   爱滋病是一种性传染病。



★☆☆   sexual revolution 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■the change in people's ideas about sex which happened in many countries in the 1960s 
  （20世纪60年代在许多国家发生的）性革命



★☆☆   sex worker 
—————————————————
noun countable    polite word for 
■prostitute    性工作者，妓女



★☆☆   sexy
—————————————————
adjective 
SEX  性  
■sexually attractive    性感的
He's very sexy.   他很性感。
a sexy smile   性感的微笑
sexy underwear   性感内衣adjective 
INTERESTING  有趣的     informal 
■describes something that attracts a lot of interest and attention    迷人的，吸引人的
For most people, grammar isn't a very sexy subject.   对大多数人来说，文法不是让人很感兴趣的东西。



★☆☆   Seychellois
—————————————————
 (plural Seychellois)
noun countable 
■Seychellois    塞席尔人



★☆☆   SF
—————————————————
noun uncountable    abbreviation for 
■science fiction 



★☆☆   SGML
—————————————————
noun uncountable    abbreviation for 
■standard generalized markup language: a system for organizing and marking parts of a computer document 
  （整理并标记电脑档案部分内容的）标准通用标记语言



★☆☆   Sgt 
—————————————————
noun [before noun]    written abbreviation for 
■sergeant 



★☆☆   sh
—————————————————
(also shh) (also ssh) [&#x283;:] (shush) 
exclamation 
■used to tell someone to be quiet    嘘（用于叫人保持安静）
Sh, you'll wake the baby!   嘘，你会把宝宝吵醒的！



★☆☆   Shabbat
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the Jewish day of rest and religious worship, celebrated on Saturday 
  （犹太教的）安息日（在周六）



★☆☆   shabby
—————————————————
adjective 
BAD CONDITION  条件差  
■looking old and in bad condition because of being used for a long time or not being cared for    破烂的，破旧的
He wore a shabby old overcoat.   他穿着一件破旧的大衣。
Her home is a rented one-bedroom flat in a shabby part of town.   她的住所是一套租来的雅房公寓，位于城里很差的地段。
The refugees were shabby (= wore old clothes in bad condition) and hungry.   难民们衣衫褴褛，饥肠辘辘。adjective 
NOT FAIR  不公平的  
■not honourable or fair; unacceptable    不光彩的；不公正的；不能接受的
She spoke out about the shabby way the case had been handled.   她揭露了对这件案子不公正的处理方式。
I felt the whole affair was a bit shabby.   我感觉整个事件有点不光彩。adjective 
not so shabby/not too shabby slang 
■used for saying that something is good    不错；不赖
It was a not so shabby week for the team who had three wins.   那个周末还不赖，这个队伍已经赢了三场。



★☆☆   shack
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a very simple and small building made from pieces of wood, metal or other materials    简陋小屋，棚屋verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   shack up informal 
■to start living in the same house as sexual partners, without being married 
  （未婚）同居
I hear Tony and Helen have shacked up together.   我听说托尼和海伦已经同居了。
She's decided to shack up with her boyfriend.   她决定和男友同居。
be shacked up 
■to be living with someone as a sexual partner when you are not married to them 
  （未婚）同居
"Is Alan still living with Maria?" "No, he's shacked up with someone else now."   “艾伦和玛丽亚还住在一起吗?”“没有，他现在已经和别人同居了。”




★☆☆   shackle
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■If you are shackled by something, you are unable to do what you want to do because of this thing    阻挠，束缚
The government is shackled by its own debts.   政府为其债务所困。



★☆☆   shackles
—————————————————
plural noun 
■a pair of metal rings connected by a chain and fastened to a person's wrists or the bottom of their legs to prevent them from escaping    镣铐
The shackles had begun to cut into his ankles.   镣铐已经开始卡进他的脚踝了。
■something that prevents you from doing what you want to do    束缚，障碍
The press, once heavily censored, has managed to shake off its shackles.   新闻界一度受到严格审查，现已设法摆脱了束缚。



★☆☆   shade
—————————————————
noun 
SLIGHT DARKNESS  昏暗  
 ADVANCED  uncountable 
■slight darkness caused by something blocking the direct light from the sun    阴处；阴凉处
The sun was hot, and there were no trees to offer us shade.   太阳火辣辣的，没有树让我们遮阳。
The children played in/under the shade of a large beach umbrella.   孩子们在一把大沙滩遮阳伞下的阴凉处玩耍。
⇨ See also sunshade
 ADVANCED  countable 
■a covering that is put over an electric light in order to make it less bright    灯罩
The lamps all had matching purple shades.   这些灯都有与之相配的紫色灯罩。
uncountable specialized (also shading) 
■the parts of a picture or painting that the artist has made slightly darker than the other parts 
  （画作中的）阴影部分，暗部
A good artist can produce a very realistic effect using only light and shade.   高明的艺术家只用明暗色调就能创造出一种栩栩如生的效果。
shades [plural] informal 
■dark glasses    太阳镜，墨镜
She was wearing a black leather jacket and shades.   她穿了一件黑色皮夹克，戴着太阳眼镜。
countable US for    * roller blind noun 
DEGREE  程度  
countable 
■a type or degree of a colour    色调，色度
Their kitchen is painted an unusual shade of yellow/an unusual yellow shade.   他们的厨房被刷成了一种少见的黄色。
This hair colouring comes in several shades.   这种染发剂有几种深浅不同的颜色。
The room has been decorated in pastel shades (= soft and light colours) throughout.   整个房间采用了清淡柔和的色彩作装饰。
countable 
■type or variation    种类；差别
They are hoping to satisfy all shades of public opinion.   他们希望能让持各种不同意见的人们都满意。
There are several shades of meaning in that sentence.   那句话有多层意思。
a shade 
■slightly    少许，少量
Don't you think those trousers are a shade too tight?   难道你不觉得那条裤子稍嫌太紧了吗？
The journey took us a shade over/under three hours.   旅途花了我们三个小时多一点／近三个小时。
Our new car cost us a shade more/less than we were expecting it to.   我们买新车所花的钱比我们预期的要多／少一点。
shades of sth/sb informal 
■similarities with something or someone    与…的相似处
I fancied there were shades of socialism in the way the school was run.   我认为，这所学校的管理方式与社会主义有些类似。
■said to mean that something or someone makes you remember something or someone similar in the past    像（过去某人或某物）的样子
In his speech he said - shades of Martin Luther King Jr. - that he had a dream.   他在演讲中说道——像小马丁‧路德‧金一样——他有一个梦。noun 
light and shade 
■different parts of the character of a person or the quality of a thing    丰富多彩，多种多样
The orchestra's playing brought out the light and shade in the music.   该管弦乐队在演奏中表现出了音乐丰富的层次感。noun 
put/leave sb in the shade 
■to be so good that another person or thing does not seem important or worth very much    使黯然失色，使相形见绌
Although I thought I'd done well, my sister's exam results put mine in the shade.   尽管我认为自己考得不错，但我妹妹的考试成绩让我相形见绌。noun 
shades of grey 
■the possibility of uncertainty    不确定性，灰色区域
The film presents a straightforward choice between good and evil, with no shades of grey.   这部电影在善恶之间的选择问题上泾渭分明，没有半点模棱两可的地方。verb 
STOP LIGHT  遮光  
transitive 
■to prevent direct light from shining on something    给…遮住直射光线
I shaded my eyes from the glare of the sun.   我遮住眼睛，避开刺眼的阳光。
The broad avenues are shaded by splendid trees.   宽阔的大道荫庇在大树下。verb 
CHANGE  变化  
intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to gradually change or become    逐渐变化，渐变
At sunset, the sky shaded from pink into dark red.   日落时分，天空逐渐由粉色变为深红。
Their views shade into the policies of the extreme left of the party.   他们的观点逐渐演变成党内极左派的政策。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shade sth in 
■to make part of a picture darker    将（图画某部分）的颜色加深




★☆☆   shade tree
—————————————————
US 
noun countable 
■a tree that is planted to provide shade    庭荫树，庇荫树



★☆☆   shadow
—————————————————
UK noun 
DARKNESS  黑暗  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■an area of darkness, caused by light being blocked by something, which usually has a similar shape to the object that is blocking the light and which appears to be joined to it    阴影，影子
The children were playing, jumping on each other's shadows.   孩子们正在嬉戏，跳来跳去踩彼此的影子。
Jamie followed his mother around all day like a shadow.   杰米像影子一样整天跟着他母亲。
The sun shone through the leaves, casting/throwing shadows on the lawn.   阳光透过树叶，在草地上投下阴影。
This corner of the room is always in shadow (= slight darkness).   房间的这个角落总是有点暗。
the shadows [plural] 
■an area of darkness in which people and things cannot be seen    暗处；阴影处
Someone jumped out of the shadows and grabbed my handbag.   有个人从阴暗处窜出，抢走了我的手袋子。
countable 
■a small dark area of skin under your eye    黑眼圈
She put on some make-up to cover the dark shadows under her eyes.   她化了点妆来掩盖她眼睛下的黑眼圈。
be in/under the shadow of sth 
■to be very close to a larger building or place    离（更大的建筑物或场所）很近
They live in a charming house in the shadow of the cathedral.   他们住在大教堂附近一栋漂亮的房子里。
■to be in a situation in which something unpleasant either seems likely to happen and to have a bad effect on your life, or is already having a bad effect on your life    处在…的阴影中
We are all living under the shadow of war.   我们都生活在战争的阴影中。UK noun 
SMALL AMOUNT  少量  
only singular 
■a small amount    一点点，丝毫
It is a tragic story, but there is a shadow of hope.   那是一个悲惨的故事，但仍有一丝希望。
There isn't a shadow of doubt that you've made the right decision.   毫无疑问，你作出的决定是正确的。
beyond / without a shadow of a doubt 
■If something is true beyond a shadow of a doubt, there is no doubt that it is true    无疑；毫无疑问
This is without a shadow of a doubt the best film I've seen all year.   毫无疑问，这是我有生以来看过最好的一部电影。UK noun 
FOLLOW  跟随  
countable 
■someone who follows another person everywhere    跟踪者，盯梢者；形影不离的人
"I think we have a shadow on our tail, " muttered the detective.   “我认为有人在跟踪我们，”侦探低声说。
Ever since he was able to walk, Stephen has been his older brother's shadow (= has followed him and copied his actions).   自从史蒂芬会走路之后，就一直和他哥哥形影不离。
countable 
■a person, especially in industry, who follows someone else while they are at work in order to learn about that person's job 
  （尤指行业的）学徒；见习生UK noun 
be a shadow of your former self 
■to have less health or strength, or less influence, than you did before 
  （健康、力量或影响）不如从前
He came home from hospital cured of the disease but a shadow of his former self.   他病愈出院回家，但身体已大不如前。UK noun 
be in/under sb's shadow 
■to always receive less attention than someone else    被（某人的）光彩所遮盖
She's always been under her sister's shadow.   她一直处在她姊姊的光环之下。UK noun 
cast a shadow over/on sth literary 
■to spoil a good situation with something unpleasant    给…蒙上阴影
Her father's illness had cast a shadow over the birth of her baby.   她父亲的病让她孩子的出生蒙上了一层阴影。UK verb transitive 
FOLLOW  跟随  
■to follow closely    尾随；跟踪
The police think that the robbers shadowed their victims for days before the crime.   警方认为抢劫者是跟踪了被害人几天之后才犯案的。
The euro has closely shadowed the dollar.   欧元紧跟在美元之后。
■to follow someone else while they are at work in order to learn about that person's job 
  （为了解某人的工作而）跟随见习
Your first week in the job will be spent shadowing one of our more experienced employees.   你工作的第一周将会跟随我们其中一位经验丰富的员工学习。UK verb transitive 
DARKNESS  黑暗  
■to produce a shadow    投下阴影；产生阴影
We came across a glade shadowed by large trees.   我们在森林中偶然发现了一块被大树遮蔽的空地。UK adjective [before noun] UK 
■used in the title of important politicians in the main opposition party (= the party not in government) 
  （用于主要反对党的要员的头衔中）影子的
the Shadow Foreign Secretary   影子外交大臣
the Shadow Cabinet   影子内阁



★☆☆   shadow-box
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive 
■to fight an imaginary enemy by hitting the air with your hands    与假想敌打空拳
■to pretend to argue about or deal with a problem, often to avoid dealing with the most important problem 
  （常为避免处理最重要的问题）假装争论（或处理）某个问题
The main political parties are merely shadow-boxing, instead of tackling the real economic problems facing this country.   各主要政党只是出虚招，而不是处理该国真正面临的经济问题。



★☆☆   shadowy
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■dark and full of shadows    多阴影的；阴暗的，幽暗的
She was startled by a sudden movement in the shadowy hallway.   幽暗的走廊中突然有动静，把她吓了一跳。
■describes someone or something about which little is known    不详的，鲜为人知的
The English king, Arthur, is a somewhat shadowy figure who may not have even existed.   英格兰国王亚瑟是个有些扑朔迷离的人物，可能这个人并不存在。
They are members of some shadowy extremist group.   他们是某个神秘极端主义组织的成员。



★☆☆   shady
—————————————————
adjective 
SLIGHT DARKNESS  昏暗  
■sheltered from direct light from the sun    阴凉的；阴暗的
We sat on the shady grass for our picnic.   我们坐在阴凉的草地上野餐。adjective 
DISHONEST  不老实的     informal 
■dishonest or illegal    不老实的；不正当的；非法的
They know some very shady characters.   他们认识一些行为非常可疑的人物。
He was involved in shady deals in the past.   过去他参与了一些不可告人的勾当。



★☆☆   shaft
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
POLE  杆  
■a pole or rod which forms the handle of a tool or weapon 
  （工具或武器的）杆，柄
the shaft of a golf club   高尔夫球杆的柄
■a rod which forms part of a machine such as an engine, and which turns in order to pass power on to the machine 
  （机器的）轴
the drive shaft of a car   汽车的驱动轴
the propeller shaft of an aircraft   飞机的螺旋桨轴
⇨ See also crankshaft
shaft of light 
■a beam of light    一道光，一束光
A shaft of (sun)light came through the open door.   一道（阳）光穿过敞开的门射了进来。UK noun countable 
PASSAGE  通道  
■a long, either vertical or sloping, passage through a building or through the ground    井状通道；井穴
a UKlift/ USelevator shaft   电梯井
a ventilation/air shaft   通风井
a well shaft   井道UK noun countable 
REMARK  话     literary 
■a clever remark, especially one that is intended as an attack on someone or something    机智的话；（尤指）攻击性的话
John came out with an unexpected shaft of wit/wisdom.   约翰出人意料地妙语如珠。UK noun countable 
TREATMENT  待遇  
the shaft    US informal 
■unfair treatment    侮辱；责难；不公平待遇
After years of loyal service, his boss gave him the shaft by firing him just before he would have qualified for a pension.   他忠实地工作了多年，当他就要获得领退休金的资格时，他的老板却无情地解雇了他。UK verb transitive informal 
■to cheat or trick someone in order to get money unfairly from them    蒙骗，欺骗
She was shafted by her agent over the film rights to her book.   她在书的电影版权问题上受到经纪人欺骗。



★☆☆   shag
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive (-gg-)    UK offensive 
■to have sex with someone 
  （与…）发生性关系adjective [before noun] 
■(of a carpet), made of long thick threads 
  （地毯）长绒的
shag pile (= the soft surface of a carpet formed by cut threads)   长绒绒面noun 
SEX  性  
countable UK offensive 
■an act of having sex, or a sexual partner    性交；性伴侣noun 
EFFORT  努力  
only singular UK slang 
■an activity which needs a lot of effort or causes small problems    费力事；麻烦事noun 
BIRD  鸟  
countable 
■a large sea bird which has dark feathers, a long neck and body, and a curved beak    长鼻鸬鹚noun 
like a shag on a rock Australian slang 
■completely alone    孤单一人



★☆☆   shagged
—————————————————
 UK offensive 
adjective [after verb]    (also shagged (out)) 
■extremely tired    筋疲力尽的，疲惫不堪的 UK offensive 
adjective [after verb] 
can't be shagged 
■If you can't be shagged to do something, you do not have enough energy to do it.    没有精力（做某事）



★☆☆   shaggy
—————————————————
adjective 
■having or covered with long, rough and untidy hair, or (of hair) long, rough and untidy    毛发粗长而蓬乱的；（毛发）粗长而蓬乱的
a shaggy dog/pony   毛粗长而蓬乱的狗／小马
the shaggy coat of a sheep   绵羊的粗长绒毛
a shaggy rug   粗毛小地毯



★☆☆   shaggy dog story 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a long joke which has an intentionally silly or meaningless ending    不着边际的冗长笑话



★☆☆   Shah
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the title of a ruler of Iran in the past    沙（旧时伊朗统治者的称号）



★☆☆   shake
—————————————————
verb (shook, shaken)
MOVE  移动  
 IMPROVER  transitive 
■to move backwards and forwards or up and down in quick, short movements, or to make something or someone do this    摇动；抖动；使颤动
A young boy climbed into the apple tree and shook the branches so that the fruit fell down.   一个男孩爬上苹果树，用力摇着树枝好让苹果掉下来。
Babies like toys that make a noise when they're shaken.   婴儿喜欢摇晃时能发出声响的玩具。
The explosion shook buildings for miles around.   爆炸震动了好几哩以内的房屋。
[+ obj + adj] People in southern California were shaken awake by an earthquake.   加洲南部的人们被地震震醒了。
She shook her hair loose from its ribbon.   她抖了抖头发，把丝带抖掉。
Anna shook some powdered chocolate over her coffee.   安娜往咖啡里撒了一些巧克力粉。
Every time one of these big trucks goes through the village, all the houses shake.   每当这样的一辆大卡车从村里经过，所有的房屋都会震动。
The child's body was shaking with sobs.   这个孩子哭得浑身颤抖。
 IMPROVER  intransitive 
■If you are shaking, your body makes quick short movements, or you feel as if it is doing so, because you are frightened or nervous 
  （因害怕或紧张而）打颤，发抖
She was shaking as she opened the letter.   她颤抖着拆开了信。
Her voice shook as she spoke about the person who attacked her.   她谈起攻击她的人时声音直打颤。
I was shaking in my shoes/boots (= very nervous) about having to tell Dad what I'd done.   想到不得不告诉爸爸我的所作所为时，我害怕得直发抖。
I was shaking like a leaf/ UKlike a jelly (= very nervous) before my exam.   我考试前特别紧张。
shake sb's hand/shake sb by the hand 
■to hold someone's hand and move it up and down, especially when you meet them for the first time or when you make an agreement with them 
  （尤指初次见面或达成协定时）握（某人的）手
"Pleased to meet you, " he said, shaking my hand.   “很高兴见到你，”他边说边与我握手。
The Princess was photographed shaking hands with AIDS victims.   王妃与爱滋病患者握手的场面被拍了下来。
It seems that we have a deal, so let's shake (hands) on it.   看来我们成交了，我们来为此握手吧。
"Congratulations, " she said, shaking the winner by the hand.   “恭喜你，” 她说着握了握获胜者的手。
shake your head 
■to move your head from side to side, in order to express disagreement, sadness or that you do not want or believe something    摇头（表示不同意、悲伤、不想要或不信）
I asked Tim if he'd seen Jackie lately but he shook his head.   我问蒂姆近来是否见过杰基，他摇了摇头。
"That's incredible!" he said, shaking his head in disbelief.   “简直难以置信！”他一边说，一边不相信地摇着头。
shake your fist 
■to hold your hand up in the air with your fingers and thumb bent, and move it forcefully backwards and forwards, to show that you are angry    挥舞拳头（表示愤怒）； 挥拳相向
He shook his fist at the driver who pulled out in front of him.   他向那个突然由路边开到他前面的司机挥了一拳。verb (shook, shaken)
UPSET  使烦恼  
transitive 
■to cause to feel upset and worried    使烦恼；使心绪不定；使震惊
The child seemed nervous and visibly shaken.   这孩子看起来很紧张，明显是吓到了。
The news has shaken the whole country.   消息震惊了全国。verb (shook, shaken)
MAKE WEAKER  削弱  
transitive 
■to make less certain or firm or strong; make weaker    动摇，削弱
What has happened has shaken the foundations of her belief.   发生的事情动摇了她信仰的根基。
After six defeats in a row, the team's confidence has been badly shaken.   在六连败后，球队的信心大挫。
This discovery may shake (up) traditional theories on how mountains are formed.   这个发现可能会震撼关于山脉形成的传统理论。verb (shook, shaken)
GET RID OF  摆脱  
transitive 
■to get rid of or escape from something    摆脱，甩掉
It's very difficult to shake the habit of a lifetime.   终生养成的习惯是很难改掉的。
The company has so far been unable to shake (off) its reputation for being old-fashioned.   该公司到现在为止还未能摆脱其因循守旧的名声。verb (shook, shaken)
more (...) than you can shake a stick at old-fashioned 
■a lot of    许多
There are more whisky distilleries in this part of Scotland than you can shake a stick at.   苏格兰的这一地区有很多威士忌酒厂。verb (shook, shaken)
shake a leg old-fashioned informal 
■used to tell someone to hurry or act more quickly    快一点，抓紧一点
Come on, Nick, shake a leg or we'll never be ready in time.   快，尼克，把握时间，否则我们就来不及了。verb (shook, shaken)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shake sb down US informal 
■to get money from someone by using threats or tricks    勒索，敲诈verb (shook, shaken)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shake sb/somewhere down US informal 
■to search a person or place thoroughly, usually in order to find things that are stolen or illegal 
  （通常为查获赃物或违禁品）彻底搜查
We can't shake down the whole building - only the suspect's apartment.   我们不可能把整栋楼都搜遍——只能搜查嫌疑犯的公寓。verb (shook, shaken)
  Phrasal Verbs   shake down informal 
■to become satisfactorily or comfortably organized or established after a period of change    安顿下来；调整就绪
Give the new arrangements time to shake down - I'm sure they'll be OK.   新的安排要经过一段时间才能调整过来——我相信它们会令人满意的。verb (shook, shaken)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shake sth off informal 
■to get rid of an illness    摆脱（疾病）
I hope I can shake off this cold before the weekend.   我希望周末之前我的感冒能好。verb (shook, shaken)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shake sb/sth off 
■to get away from someone or something that will not stop following you    摆脱，甩掉（跟踪者）
He drove through the red lights in an attempt to shake off the police car that was chasing him.   他闯红灯企图甩掉警车的追踪。
■informal 
■to beat an opponent, or to free yourself from someone or something that is limiting you    打败；摆脱
I have no doubt that we will be able to shake off the challenge from our rivals.   我确信我们能战胜对手的挑战。verb (shook, shaken)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shake sth out 
■to hold something such as a piece of cloth at one end and shake it up and down to get rid of dirt or folds    将…抖干净（或抖展）
I was on the back doorstep shaking out a rug.   我那时正站在后门台阶上抖一块小地毯。verb (shook, shaken)
  Phrasal Verbs   shake sb up 
■If an unpleasant experience shakes someone up, it makes them feel shocked and upset    使震惊
I think she was quite shaken up by the accident.   我想这次意外让她饱受惊吓了。verb (shook, shaken)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shake sth up 
■to cause large changes in something such as an organization, usually in order to make improvements 
  （通常为作出改进）对…进行大改组（或大调整）
Technological changes have shaken up many industries.   科技革新令许多产业发生了重大调整。
The first thing the new chairman of the company did was to shake up the management.   公司新任董事长所做的第一件事就是重组管理阶层。
Several new players have been brought in to shake up the team.   有几位新队员被召入以重新整顿队伍。noun 
countable 
■when you shake something    摇动；抖动；震动
She gave the box a shake to see if there was anything inside it.   她摇了摇盒子，看里面有没有东西。
"No, no, no, " he said with a shake of his head.   “不，不，不，”他摇着头说。
the shakes [plural] informal 
■short quick movements from side to side that your body makes because you are ill, frightened or have drunk too much alcohol    寒颤，颤抖，哆嗦
I watched her hands as she prepared coffee and she definitely had the shakes.   她准备咖啡的时候，我看着她的手，她绝对在发抖。
countable informal    * a milkshake noun 
in two shakes (of a lamb's tail) (also a couple of shakes) old-fashioned informal 
■very soon    马上，一会儿
I'll be with you in two shakes.   我马上就来。



★☆☆   shakedown
—————————————————
noun US informal 
THREAT  威胁  
countable 
■the activity of getting money from someone by threatening or tricking them    勒索，敲诈noun US informal 
SEARCH  搜查  
countable usually singular 
■a thorough search in order to find things that are stolen or illegal 
  （通常为查获赃物或违禁品）彻底搜查
Two policemen gave his place a real shakedown.   两名员警对他的住处仔细进行了一番搜查。adjective [before noun] US 
■becoming organized after a period of change    安顿下来；调整就绪
The new administration is still in the shakedown period.   新政府仍处在调整适应阶段。



★☆☆   shakeout
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a situation in which people lose their jobs, or companies stop doing business, because of economic difficulties    萧条，衰退
The shakeout in the labour market after Christmas usually makes January a bad month for unemployment.   圣诞节之后，劳动市场的衰退通常会加剧一月份的失业状况。
There has been a shakeout of inefficient corporations.   一些效率低下的公司被淘汰。



★☆☆   shaker
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a container with a tightly fitting lid in which liquids can be mixed together by moving the container quickly from side to side    摇动器；混合器
a cocktail shaker   鸡尾酒调制器
■a container with holes in its lid from which a powdery substance can be put onto a surface by holding the container upside down and moving it up and down 
  （盖上有孔的）佐料瓶
a salt/pepper shaker   盐／胡椒粉瓶
■a container into which dice are put and moved quickly from side to side before being thrown onto a flat surface, usually during a game involving chance 
  （摇骰子的）摇缸



★☆☆   shake-up
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■a large change in the way something is organized    调整，改组
The company is undergoing a radical shake-up.   公司正在进行彻底改组。
The arrival of the new baby caused a thorough shake-up of their family life.   新出生的宝宝彻底改变了他们的家庭生活。



★☆☆   shaky
—————————————————
adjective 
MOVEMENT  活动  
■moving with quick, short movements from side to side, not in a controlled way    摇晃的，发抖的，颤抖的
Soon after it was born, the calf got up and tried to stand on its shaky legs.   小牛出生不久，就起身摇摇晃晃地想站住了。
The child wrote her name in large shaky letters.   那个孩子用歪歪扭扭的大字写下了她自己的名字。
She's recovering well from her operation, but she's still a little shaky on her feet.   手术后她恢复得很好，但走路时仍有些不稳。adjective 
UPSET  使烦恼  
■upset    心烦的，苦恼的
The news left me feeling a little shaky.   这个消息使我有些心烦。adjective 
WEAK  弱  
■not firm or strong    不稳定的；不坚固的；不结实的
The building's foundations are rather shaky, and it could collapse at any time.   这栋建筑的地基很不稳固，随时可能会倒塌。
The government is taking these steps to try to improve the country's shaky economy.   政府正在采取这些措施，试图改善该国经济不稳定的局面。
Their marriage looks pretty shaky to me.   在我看来，他们的婚姻关系岌岌可危。
I think you're on very shaky ground with that argument.   我觉得你那个论点相当站不住脚。



★☆☆   shale
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a type of soft grey rock, usually formed from clay that has become hard, which breaks easily into thin layers    页岩（易于裂成板片的软岩石）



★☆☆   shall
—————————————————
modal verb 
FUTURE  将来  
 ESSENTIAL  slightly old-fashioned 
■used instead of 'will' when the subject is 'I' or 'we' 
  （用于在主语为 I 或 we 时替代 will）
If you do that one more time, I shall be very cross.   如果你再那么做，我就要生气了。
I shall never forget you.   我永远不会忘记你。
Shall we be able to get this finished today, do you think?   你认为我们今天能完成这项工作吗？
I'm afraid I shall not/shan't be able to come to your party.   恐怕我不能参加你的派对了。
formal I shall look forward to meeting you next week.   我盼望着下星期见到你。
So we'll see you at the weekend, shall we (= is that right) ?   那么我们周末会见到你，是吗？
We shall (= intend to) let you know as soon as there's any news.   一有消息，我们就告诉你。modal verb 
SUGGEST  建议  
 IMPROVER  
■used, with 'I' or 'we', to make a suggestion 
  （与 I 或 we 连用，表示建议）
"I'm cold." "Shall I close this window?"   “我觉得会冷。”“要我把这扇窗户关上吗?”
Shall we go out for dinner tonight?   我们今晚出去吃饭好吗？
Shall I pick the children up from school today?   今天我去学校接孩子好吗？modal verb 
CERTAINLY WILL  一定会  
 IMPROVER  
■used to say that something certainly will or must happen, or that you are determined that something will happen 
  （表示某事肯定或必须发生，或表示决心）
Don't worry, I shall be there to meet the train.   别担心，我会去火车站接你。
formal The school rules state that no child shall be allowed out of the school during the day, unless accompanied by an adult.   学校的纪律规定，除非有大人陪同，小孩白天不得离开学校。
You shall go to the ball, Cinderella.   你一定要去参加舞会，灰姑娘。



★☆☆   shallot
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■a type of small onion    青葱



★☆☆   shallow
—————————————————
UK adjective 
NOT DEEP  不深的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■having only a short distance from the top to the bottom    浅的，不深的
The stream was quite shallow so we were able to walk across it.   小溪很浅，所以我们可以涉水过去。
She told her children to stay in the shallow end (of the swimming pool).   她叫孩子们留在（游泳池的）浅水区。
Fry the onions in a shallow pan.   用浅平底锅把洋葱煎一下。
These beech trees have shallow roots (= roots which do not go very deep into the ground).   这些山毛榉的根不深。
shallow breathing 
■breathing in which you only take a small amount of air into your lungs with each breath    浅呼吸UK adjective 
NOT SERIOUS  不严肃的     disapproving 
■not showing serious or careful thought    肤浅的，浅薄的
I found the film rather shallow.   我认为这部电影很肤浅。
I think she found him physically quite attractive but a bit shallow.   我认为，她觉得他外表相当迷人，只是有些肤浅。UK noun 
the shallows [plural] 
■the shallow part of an area of water    浅水处，浅滩
Alligators live in the shallows.   短吻鳄生活在浅水处。



★☆☆   shallow-fry
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to cook food in a small amount of oil or fat    用少量的油煎
Shallow-fry the fish/bacon.   把鱼／熏肉（培根）用少量的油煎一下。



★☆☆   shalom
—————————————————
UK exclamation 
■a form of greeting or a way of saying goodbye, used by Jewish people    祝您平安（犹太人问候或告别时的用语）



★☆☆   shalt
—————————————————
modal verb 
thou shalt    old use 
■you shall 
■thou shalt 
■used humorously in modern English when talking about people who follow rules exactly when the rules are not very important    胶柱鼓瑟；固步自封（现代英语中的幽默用语，说一些人一丝不苟地遵守的规则其实并不重要；类似汉语中动不动就“子曰”或“诗云”）
You know what he's like about food - thou shalt not serve red wine with fish.   你知道他对饮食的那些坚持吧－－在吃鱼时千万不要佐以红酒！



★☆☆   sham
—————————————————
 disapproving 
noun countable usually singular 
■something which is not what it seems to be and is intended to deceive people, or someone who pretends to be something they are not    假像；骗局；假冒者；冒牌货
It turned out that he wasn't a real doctor at all - he was just a sham.   原来他根本就不是个真正的医生，只是个骗子而已。
They claimed that the election had been fair, but really it was a sham.   他们声称选举是公平的，但事实上这是个骗局。 disapproving 
verb intransitive or transitive (-mm-)
■to pretend    假装
He isn't really upset - he's just shamming.   他不是真的难过——只是装装样子。 disapproving 
adjective 
■only pretending to be real; false    虚假的，假装的
They made a fortune through some sham property deal.   他们透过子虚乌有的房地产交易赚了一大笔钱。
That jewellery looks sham to me.   那件珠宝在我看来是赝品。
She's trapped in a sham (= not good or satisfying) marriage.   她受困于不幸福的婚姻中。



★☆☆   shaman
—————————————————
noun countable 
■in particular religions, a person who has special powers to control or influence good and evil spirits (= people who cannot be seen) which makes it possible for them to discover the cause of illness, bad luck, etc. 
  （特定宗教中据信能控制或影响善恶神灵从而揭开疾病、厄运等之源的）萨满，巫师



★☆☆   shamanism
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a form of religion which includes a belief in the power of the shaman    萨满教



★☆☆   shamble
—————————————————
verb intransitive + adverb or preposition 
■to walk slowly and awkwardly, without lifting your feet correctly    蹒跚而行，拖着脚步走
Sick patients shambled along the hospital corridors.   重病患者沿着医院的走廊蹒跚而行。
He was a strange, shambling figure.   他这人很奇怪，走路还拖着脚。



★☆☆   shambles
—————————————————
 informal 
noun only singular 
■a state of confusion, bad organization or untidiness, or something which is in this state    混乱，凌乱，杂乱；混乱（或凌乱、杂乱）之物
After the party, the house was a total/complete shambles.   派对过后，整幢房子一片狼藉。
Our economy is in a shambles.   我们的经济一团糟。
The way these files are arranged is the biggest shambles I've ever seen.   这是我见过的弄得最乱的档案。



★☆☆   shambolic
—————————————————
UK US  UK informal 
adjective 
■confused and badly organized    混乱的；杂乱的
Things are often a bit shambolic at the beginning of the school year.   学年刚开始的时候，事情往往有点混乱。
Anna is far too shambolic to be able to run a business.   安娜做事太缺乏头绪，经营不了公司。



★☆☆   shame
—————————————————
noun 
BAD LUCK  恶运  
 IMPROVER  only singular 
■an unlucky situation    可惜，遗憾
[+ that] It 's a (great) shame that the concert had to be cancelled.   音乐会被迫取消，真是（很）遗憾。
[+ to infinitive] Have some more vegetables - it would be a shame to waste them.   多吃点蔬菜吧——浪费就太可惜了。
"Douglas is having to miss the school concert because he's ill." "Oh, what a shame] that's a shame!"   “道格拉斯因病不能参加学校音乐会了。”“哦，那真是太遗憾了！”noun 
BAD FEELING  不好的感觉  
 ADVANCED  uncountable 
■an uncomfortable feeling of guilt or of being ashamed because of your own or someone else's bad behaviour    羞耻，羞愧
He said he felt no shame for what he had done.   他说他并不为自己的所作所为感到羞愧。
The children hung/bowed their heads in shame.   孩子们羞愧地低下了头。
The shame of the scandal was so great that he shot himself a few weeks later.   这件丑闻让他无地自容，所以几个星期后他开枪自杀了。
You can't go out dressed like that - have you no shame (= don't you feel ashamed about being dressed like that) ?   你不能穿成这样就出去——你难道不怕丢人吗？
 ADVANCED  uncountable 
■loss of honour and respect    丢脸；耻辱
He thinks there's great shame in being out of work and unable to provide for his family.   他认为没有工作、无法养活家人是一件很丢脸的事情。
In some societies, if a woman leaves her husband, it brings shame on her and her family.   在有些社会里，如果妇女离开自己的丈夫，这会给她和她的家人带来耻辱。
put sb to shame 
■to make someone feel ashamed    使（某人）感到羞愧
It puts me to shame that I still haven't replied to David's letter.   我还没有给戴维回信，真让我惭愧。
to my shame 
■I feel ashamed because    令（我）羞愧的是
To my shame, I never wrote and thanked Mary for her present.   令人羞愧的是，我从没有给玛丽写信，感谢她送的礼物。
shame on you 
■used to tell someone that they should feel sorry for something they did 
  （你）应该感到羞愧
Shame on you for being so unkind.   你如此刻薄，真该感到羞愧。
humorous You mean you were in town and you didn't come and see us - shame on you!   你是说你来过城里却没有来看我们——真不像话！noun 
COMPARE WELL  胜过  
put sb/sth to shame 
■to make someone or something seem not good by comparison    使相形见绌
Your cooking puts mine to shame.   你做菜的功夫令我自惭形愧。noun 
die of shame informal 
■to feel extremely ashamed    羞愧死了，羞愧难当
If anyone found out that I took the money, I'd die of shame.   如果有人发现钱是我拿的，我会羞愧死的。verb transitive 
BAD FEELING  不好的感觉  
■to make someone feel ashamed, or to make someone or something lose honour and respect    使感到羞愧；使丢脸；羞辱
It shames me that I treated her so badly.   我对她这么坏，真是令我羞愧。
The behaviour of a few children has shamed the whole school.   少数学生的行为使整个学校都蒙受耻辱。
shame sb into/out of sth 
■to cause someone to do or not to do something by making them feel ashamed    使（某人）感到羞愧而做／不做…
[+ -ing verb] The number of people out of work has shamed the government into taking action to prevent further job losses.   失业人数之多使政府感到羞愧，继而采取行动阻止失业问题进一步恶化。verb transitive 
COMPARE WELL  胜过  
■to cause something not to seem of a high standard by comparison    使相形见绌
The school's examination results shame those of the other schools in the area.   该校的考试成绩使这个地区的其他学校都相形见绌。exclamation 
■used to express disapproval of something that a public speaker is saying 
  （用于表示不赞同演讲者所说的话）可耻
To cries of 'Shame!', the minister announced that taxes were being increased.   在一片“可耻”的指责声中，部长宣布加税。



★☆☆   shamefaced
—————————————————
adjective 
■awkward and embarrassed or ashamed    害羞的；惭愧的
He looked somewhat shamefaced when he realized his mistake.   他理解自己的错误后，看起来有些惭愧。



★☆☆   shameful
—————————————————
 disapproving 
adjective 
■deserving blame, or being a reason for feeling ashamed    可耻的，丢脸的
I couldn't see anything shameful in what I had done.   我认为我没做甚么丢脸的事。
The crime figures are shameful.   犯罪数字让人汗颜。
The family kept their shameful secret for years.   那个家族隐瞒了家丑多年。



★☆☆   shameless
—————————————————
 disapproving 
adjective 
■not ashamed, especially about something generally considered unacceptable    无耻的，不要脸的
She is quite shameless about her ambition.   她对自己的野心全然不知羞耻。
They seem to have a shameless disregard for truth.   他们似乎恬不知耻地无视事实真相。
■behaving in a way intended to attract sexual interest, without feeling ashamed about it    猥亵的，伤风败俗的
She's a shameless hussy.   她是个厚颜无耻的荡妇。



★☆☆   shammy (leather)
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■a chamois 



★☆☆   shampoo
—————————————————
noun (plural shampoos)
 ADVANCED  countable or uncountable 
■a soapy liquid used for washing hair, or for washing particular objects or materials    洗发精；洗发剂；洗涤剂
an anti-dandruff shampoo   去头屑洗发精
a carpet shampoo   地毯清洗剂
Directions: wet hair, apply shampoo and massage into a rich lather.   使用说明：润湿头发，涂上洗发精并轻揉头发至产生大量的泡沫。
countable 
■an act of washing something, especially your hair, with shampoo 
  （用洗发精或洗涤剂）洗；（尤指）洗发
My hair/The rug/The dog needs a shampoo.   我的头发／地毯／这只狗需要洗一洗。
She went to the hairdressers for a shampoo and set.   她去美容院洗头并做头发。verb transitive 
■to wash something with shampoo    用洗发精洗；用洗涤剂洗
Duncan shampooed my hair and then Tracy cut it.   邓肯给我洗了头，然后特蕾西给我剪了头发。



★☆☆   shamrock
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■a plant which has three round leaves arranged in a triangular pattern on each stem    三叶草，天蓝苜蓿，白花酢浆草



★☆☆   shandy
—————————————————
 mainly UK 
noun countable or uncountable 
■a drink made by mixing together beer and lemonade or sometimes ginger ale    掺柠檬汁（或姜汁）的啤酒
Two shandies (= glasses of this drink) , please.   请来两杯掺柠檬汁的啤酒。



★☆☆   shanghai 
—————————————————
verb transitive /ˌʃæŋˈhaɪ/    informal 
■to force someone to do something or go somewhere    强迫某人做某事或到某地
The two groups were shanghaied into signing the agreement, despite their objections.   尽管这两个小组反对，但他们被迫签署了该协议。
The homeless are being shanghaied off the streets in some cities.   一些城市中的无家可归者被强迫离开街道。noun countable /ˌʃæŋˈhaɪ/    /ˈ--]   Australian 
■catapult    弹弓



★☆☆   Shangri-La
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■an imaginary distant beautiful place, where everything is pleasant and you can get everything you want    香格里拉；理想国；世外桃源（一个想像中的遥远的美好地方，那里一切事物都令人愉快，人们想要甚么就有甚么）
New York is a shopper's Shangri-La.   纽约是购物者的天堂。



★☆☆   shank
—————————————————
noun countable 
STRAIGHT PART  直的部分  
■a long thin straight part of particular objects, especially one which connects the end of a device or tool that you hold to the end of it which operates 
  （尤指器具或工具的）杆，长柄
the shank of a screwdriver   螺丝起子的柄
the shank of a key/nail   锁匙／钉子柄noun countable 
LEG  腿     old-fashioned or humorous 
■the leg of a person or animal, especially the part below the knee 
  （人或动物的）腿；尤指小腿，胫



★☆☆   shanks's pony
—————————————————
UK US UK informal (US shank's mare) 
noun uncountable 
■walking, as a way of travelling    徒步；步行
As there's no public transport, I suppose we'll have to use shanks's pony.   由于没有公共交通工具，我想我们只好用我们的两脚马（自己的两条腿：意思是“步行、徒步”）。



★☆☆   shan't
—————————————————
UK short form of 
 ESSENTIAL  
■shall not 
I shan't be able to come to your party.   我无法参加你的派对了。
"Pick those books up immediately." "Shan't (= I refuse to) !"   “马上把那些书捡起来。”“我不要！”



★☆☆   shanty
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
HOUSE  房子  
■a small house, usually made from pieces of wood, metal or cardboard, in which poor people live, especially on the edge of a city 
  （尤指城市边缘的）简陋小屋，棚屋UK noun countable 
SONG  歌曲  
■a song which sailors sang in the past while they were working on a ship 
  （旧时水手在船上唱的）劳动曲调



★☆☆   shanty town 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an area in or on the edge of a city, in which poor people live in small, very cheaply built houses 
  （城市内或其边缘的）棚户区； 贫民窟



★☆☆   shape
—————————————————
noun 
FORM  形状  
 ESSENTIAL  countable or uncountable 
■the particular physical form or appearance of something    形状，形态，外形
Clay can be moulded into almost any shape.   黏土可以塑成几乎任何形状。
These bricks are all different shapes.   这些砖块形状都不同。
Kim's birthday cake was in the shape of a train.   吉姆的生日蛋糕是火车形状的。
Our table is oval in shape.   我们的饭桌是椭圆形的。
My bicycle wheel has got bent out of shape.   我的脚踏车轮子已经弯曲变形了。
This T-shirt has been washed so many times that it's lost its shape (= has become loose and lost its form).   这件T恤已经洗过多次，都变得没形了。
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■an arrangement that is formed by joining lines together in a particular way or by the line or lines around its outer edge    图形
a round/square/circular/oblong shape   圆／方／椭圆／长方形
A triangle is a shape with three sides.   三角形是有三条边的图形。
The children made patterns by sticking coloured shapes onto paper.   孩子们把彩色图形黏贴在纸上构成图案。
countable 
■the physical form or appearance of a particular person or thing 
  （某人或某物的）样子，外表
In the story, Faust is tempted by the Devil, who has taken the shape of a man.   故事中，浮士德被化作人形的魔鬼所诱惑。
Life on Earth takes many shapes.   地球上的生物千姿百态。
countable 
■a person or object that you cannot see clearly because it is too dark, or because the person or object is too far away    模糊的影子
I could see a dark shape in the street outside.   我可以看到外面街道上有个黑漆漆的人影。
all shapes and sizes 
■many different types    各种各样
We sell all shapes and sizes of teddy bear.   我们出售各种各样的玩具熊。
Cars come in all shapes and sizes.   汽车有各种不同的型号。
in any shape or form 
■of any type    任何类型的；任何形式的
I'm opposed to war in any shape or form.   我反对任何形式的战争。noun 
CHARACTER  特征  
uncountable 
■the way something is organized, or its general character or nature    形式；特征
Technological developments have changed the shape of industry.   科技的发展改变了工业的面貌。
We need to change the whole shape of our campaign.   我们需要彻底改变我们宣传活动的形式。noun 
CONDITION  情况  
uncountable 
■condition, or state of health    情况；健康状况
He bought up businesses that were in bad/poor shape, and then sold them off bit by bit.   他收购状况不好的企业，然后再一点点地把它们变卖掉。
"How are you?" "Oh, I'm in great shape."   “你身体怎么样?”“哦，好极了。”
You're in no shape (= not in a good enough state of health) to go to work today.   你今天身体不好，不能去上班。
uncountable 
■good structural or physical condition    良好的结构（或身体状况）
It's taken us five years to get our house into shape.   我们花了五年的时间才把房子整理得像个样子。
She runs six miles every day to help keep herself in shape.   她每天要跑六哩路以保持健康。
I haven't had any exercise for weeks, and I'm really out of shape (= not in good physical condition).   我有好几个星期没运动了，所以现在身体状况真的不太好。noun 
be in good shape 
■to be prepared and ready to do something    整装待发
All our bags are packed, and we don't have to leave for another hour, so we're in good shape.   我们所有的行装都收拾好了，我们在一个小时后才出发，因此现在是准备妥当了。noun 
in the shape of sth 
■in the form of something; appearing as something    以…的形式；看似…
Luckily, help arrived in the shape of a police officer.   幸运的是，一名员警模样的人过来帮忙。noun 
knock/lick sth/sb into shape (US usually whip sth/sb into shape) 
■to take action to get something or someone into the good condition that you would like    把…整理好；使变好
to knock the economy into shape   整顿经济
A better teacher would have licked him into shape.   如果有位好老师，本来是能把他调教好的。noun 
the shape of things to come 
■the form or style that is likely to develop or be popular in the future    可能出现（或流行）的形式（或风格）
I hope the fashions pictured in this magazine are not the shape of things to come.   我希望这本杂志上刊登的时装不是将来的流行款式。noun 
take shape 
■to start to develop a more clear or certain form    成形；有了模样
We watched the vase begin to take shape in the potter's hands.   我们看着花瓶在陶工的手中逐渐成形。
Our ideas are beginning to take shape.   我们的想法开始成形。verb transitive 
CHARACTER  特征  
 ADVANCED  
■to decide or influence the form of something, especially a belief or idea, or someone's character    决定（或影响）（尤指信仰或思想）的形式；决定，影响（性格）
Many people are not able to shape their own destinies.   很多人不能决定自己的命运。
My relationship with my father played a major part in shaping my attitude towards men.   我和父亲之间的关系在很大程度上决定了我对男性的看法。
He was very influential in shaping the government's economic policy/strategy.   在左右政府的经济政策／战略方面，他有着极大的影响力。verb transitive 
FORM  形状  
■to make something become a particular shape    使成形，塑造
The skirt has been shaped so that it hangs loosely.   这条裙子设计得很宽松。
When you've made the dough, shape it into two loaves.   生面团揉好后，把它捏成两个长条面包。
■slightly formal 
■to make an object from a physical substance    做成，制作
Early humans shaped tools out of stone.   早期的人类用石头制作工具。verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   shape up informal 
[usually continuous] 
■to develop    进展；发展
How are your plans shaping up?   你的计划进展如何?
Things seem to be shaping up nicely.   事情似乎进展顺利。
Colin is shaping up quite well in his new job.   科林的新工作做得不错。
■to improve your behaviour or performance    表现变好
I've been told that if I don't shape up, I'll lose my job.   我被告知如果不改好，就会被解雇。
Shape up or ship out! informal 
■said to tell someone that they must improve their performance or behaviour or they will have to leave    不改进就开除你！




★☆☆   shaped
—————————————————
adjective 
■having a particular shape    呈…形状的
an unusually shaped carrot   形状奇特的胡萝卜
Jackie has a perfectly shaped figure.   杰姬有一副完美的身材。
The lenses of her sunglasses were shaped like hearts.   她的太阳眼镜镜片是心形的。



★☆☆   shapeless
—————————————————
adjective 
■without a clear form or structure    不成形的，没有形状的
My clay pot ended up as just a shapeless lump.   我做的陶罐最后只是一个不成形的泥块。
His ideas are interesting, but they're rather shapeless.   他的想法很有趣，但没有成形。



★☆☆   shapely
—————————————————
 approving 
adjective 
■used to describe something that has an attractive form, especially a woman's body or parts of a woman's body 
  （尤指女性的身材或身体部位）匀称的，线条优美的
shapely legs   匀称的双腿



★☆☆   shard
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a piece of a broken glass, cup, container or similar object 
  （玻璃杯、茶杯、容器或类似物品的）碎片、破片
Shards of glass have been cemented into the top of the wall to stop people climbing over.   墙头上用水泥黏着玻璃碎片，以防止人们翻墙过去。



★☆☆   share
—————————————————
UK verb 
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to have or use something at the same time as someone else    分享；共用
She's very possessive about her toys and finds it hard to share.   她对自己的玩具占有欲太强，很难跟别人分享。
Bill and I shared an office for years.   比尔和我同在一个办公室里工作了多年。
I share a house with four other people.   我和另外四个人合住一栋房子。
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to divide food, money, goods, etc. and give part of it to someone else    分配
Will you share your sandwich with me?   你能把你的三明治分给我一点吗？
Let's share the sweets (out) among/between everyone.   我们大家一起来分这些糖果吧。
We should share (in) the reward.   我们应分享这份奖励。
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■If two or more people share an activity, they each do some of it    分担；共同做
Shall we share the driving?   我们轮流开车好吗?
We shared the preparation for the party between us, so it wasn't too much work.   我们一起准备了这个派对，这样工作就没有多少了。
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■If two or more people or things share a feeling, quality or experience, they both or all have the same feeling, quality or experience    有同样的感觉（或性质、经历）
We share an interest in sailing.   我们都对航海感兴趣。
All hospitals share some common characteristics.   所有的医院都有一些共同的特征。
I don't share your views/beliefs.   我和你观点／信仰不同。
Management and the union both share in the responsibility for the crisis.   劳资双方对此次危机都负有责任。
She knew that he was the person she wanted to share her life with.   她知道他就是自己想与之共度一生的那个人。
transitive 
■to tell someone else about your thoughts, feelings, ideas, etc.    倾诉，吐露
He's not very good at sharing his worries.   他不善于向别人倾诉自己的烦恼。
It's nice to have someone you can share your problems with.   有人能帮你分忧解愁真是太好了。
Come on, Bob, share the joke (with us).   来，鲍勃，（给我们）讲讲这个笑话。UK verb 
A problem shared is a problem halved. saying 
■used to say that if you tell someone about a problem, it is easier to deal with    有人分担，忧愁减半。UK verb 
share and share alike 
■used to encourage everyone to have an equal amount of something    平均分享
Don't keep all those chocolates to yourself - share and share alike.   别把那些巧克力都留给你自己一个人吃——让大家都一起分享吧。UK noun 
PART  部分  
 IMPROVER  countable or uncountable 
■a part of something that has been divided between several people, which belongs to, is owed to or has to be done by a particular person    一份，部份
The total bill comes to £80, so our share is £20.   帐单总共是80英镑，所以我们该分担20英镑。
We must make sure that everyone gets equal shares of the food.   我们必须保证每个人得到份量相等的食物。
The party's share of the vote fell from 39% to 24%.   该党获得的选票比例已从39%跌至24%。
She's not doing her share of the work.   她没有尽自己分内工作。
We must all accept some share of the responsibility.   我们都必须承担部分责任。UK noun 
PART OF A BUSINESS  企业的一部分  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■one of the equal parts into which the ownership of a company is divided and which can be bought by members of the public    股票；股份
The value of my shares has risen/fallen by 8%.   我的股票市值增长／下降了8%。
We've got some shares in British Telecom.   我们有一些英国电信的股票。
He invests in stocks and shares.   他投资股票。
share prices   股价UK noun 
go shares 
■to divide the cost of something between you    分担；分摊费用
Why don't we go shares on lunch?   为甚么我们午餐不一起点菜，然后平均分担费用呢？UK noun 
have your (fair) share of sth 
■to have a lot or more than enough of something bad    遭遇许多（或过多）（坏事情）
We've certainly got our share of problems at the moment.   我们眼前无疑有很多问题。
She's had her fair share of tragedies in her life.   她这一生中有过太多的不幸。



★☆☆   sharecropper
—————————————————
UK US mainly US 
noun countable 
■a farmer who rents land and who gives part of his or her crop as rent    佃农；佃户



★☆☆   shared
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■owned, divided, felt or experienced by more than one person    分享的；共有的；共同的
The company is in shared ownership.   这家公司是由多人共同拥有的。
She and her husband have many shared interests.   她和她丈夫有许多共同的兴趣。
We talked about our shared experiences of India.   我们谈论著我们在印度的共同经历。



★☆☆   shareholder
—————————————————
UK US (mainly US stockholder) 
noun countable 
 IMPROVER  
■a person who owns some of the equal parts into which the ownership of a company is divided    股票持有人，股东
Shareholders will be voting on the proposed merger of the companies next week.   股东们下星期将投票表决拟议中的公司合并问题。



★☆☆   share-out
—————————————————
UK US  UK 
noun countable usually singular 
■an act of dividing something between several people    分配
Everyone benefited from the share-out of the profits.   每个人都从此次利润分配中受益。



★☆☆   shareware
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■computer programs that you are allowed to use for a short period before you decide whether or not to buy them 
  （决定购买与否前供试用的）共用软体
I've found a really good shareware text editor.   我找到了一个很好的文书编辑共用软体。



★☆☆   sharia
—————————————————
 (also shariah) 
noun uncountable 
■the holy laws of Islam, which cover all parts of a Muslim's life    伊斯兰教教法
sharia law   伊斯兰教教法



★☆☆   shark
—————————————————
UK US  (plural shark or sharks)
noun countable 
FISH  鱼  
 ADVANCED  
■a large fish that has sharp teeth and a triangular fin on its back which can sometimes be seen above the water    鲨鱼
a great white shark   大白鲨
a basking shark   晒太阳的鲨鱼
The movie 'Jaws' is about a man-eating shark.   电影《大白鲨》讲的是一条食人鲨。UK US  (plural shark or sharks)
noun countable 
PERSON  人  
   informal disapproving 
■a dishonest person, especially one who persuades other people to pay too much money for something    骗子；（尤指）奸商
People who need a place to live can often find themselves at the mercy of local property sharks.   需要住房的人常常会发现自己被当地那些奸诈的房地产商人所摆布。



★☆☆   shark fence
—————————————————
Australian 
noun countable 
■a fence, often made of wire net, which surrounds an open swimming area to protect swimmers from sharks    鲨鱼栅栏（一种栅栏，通常由铁丝网制成，围绕一个开放式游泳区，保护游泳者不被鲨鱼攻击）



★☆☆   sharkskin
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a type of shiny material, made from artificial threads, which is used for making clothing    鲨鱼皮；鲨皮呢（一种有光泽的材料，由人造纤维制成，用于制作衣服）
a sharkskin jacket   鲨鱼皮夹克
a sharkskin suit   鲨鱼皮套装



★☆☆   sharkspotter
—————————————————
UK US Australian 
noun countable 
■a helicopter which flies along an area of coast in order to warn swimmers if there are sharks in the sea    鲨鱼侦察机（一种直升机，沿海岸一带飞行，以警告游泳者是否有鲨鱼出没）



★☆☆   sharp
—————————————————
UK adjective 
ABLE TO CUT  能切断  
 ESSENTIAL  
■having a thin edge or point which can cut something or make a hole in something    锋利的；尖的
a knife with a sharp edge/blade.   刀刃锋利的刀子
sharp teeth/claws/fingernails   锋利的牙齿／尖锐的爪子／尖尖的指甲
The point of this pencil isn't sharp enough.   这支铅笔的头还不够尖。
 ADVANCED  
■producing or describing a quick strong pain that makes you feel like you have been cut 
  （疼痛）迅速而剧烈的
She nudged me with a sharp elbow, to tell me to be quiet.   她狠狠地用手肘捅了我一下，要我安静点。
I have this sharp pain in my chest, doctor.   医生，我的胸口感到刺痛。
■describes a part of someone's face which is very pointed 
  （脸部部位）尖尖的
a thin face with a sharp nose   长着尖尖鼻子的一张瘦脸
■If someone is sharp or makes a sharp statement, they speak or act in a severe and angry way, which can hurt other people 
  （言行）尖刻的，尖锐的，严厉的
He was rather sharp with me when I asked him to help.   我请他帮忙时，他对我的态度相当刻薄。
The government's proposals came in for some sharp criticism.   政府的提议遭到了尖刻的批评。UK adjective 
SUDDEN  突然的  
 ADVANCED  
■happening suddenly, quickly and strongly    突然的；急剧的；猛烈的
a sharp drop in temperature   气温的遽降
a sharp decline in the standard of living   生活水准的骤降
a sharp rise/increase in the number of cases of this illness   该病发病人数的急遽上升
a sharp bend in the road   公路的急转弯
to suffer a sharp blow to the head   头部遭到一记猛击UK adjective 
TASTE  味道  
■acidic (= containing acid) or sour in taste    很酸的
Lemons have a sharp taste.   柠檬的味道很酸。
This cheese is rather sharp.   这种起司很酸。UK adjective 
CLEAR  清楚的  
■clear; easy to see or understand    清晰的；清楚的
This TV gives a very sharp picture.   这台电视机影像非常清晰。
The mountains stood in sharp contrast to the blue sky.   群山与蓝天形成了鲜明的对比。
There is a sharp distinction between crimes which involve injury to people and those that don't.   造成人身伤害的犯罪和未造成人身伤害的犯罪两者之间有明显的界线。
It was a sharp reminder of how dangerous the world can be.   这清楚地提醒人们这个世界有多么危险。UK adjective 
CLEVER  聪明的     mainly approving 
■clever or quick to notice things    聪明的；精明的；敏锐的
Bird-watchers need to have sharp ears and eyes.   赏鸟者必须有敏锐的耳朵和眼睛。
She has a sharp eye for a bargain.   她非常擅长发现便宜货。
Our new director is very sharp.   我们的新主任非常精明。
She manages to combine a sharp mind/intellect with a sympathetic manner.   她既有机敏的头脑，又能做到善解人意。
He was a man of sharp wit /sharp -witted man who always spoke his mind.   他是一个思维敏捷、说话从不拐弯抹角的人。
The play was full of sharp one-liners.   这出戏充满了机智风趣的俏皮话。
US He may be old but he's still as sharp as a tack.   他也许是上了年纪，但他仍然思维敏捷。UK adjective 
FASHIONABLE  时髦的     informal 
■fashionable    时髦的，时尚的
Tony is a very sharp dresser.   汤尼衣着很时尚。
a sharp -suited business executive   衣着时髦的企业主管UK adjective 
have a sharp tongue (also be sharp-tongued) 
■to be someone who often criticizes and speaks in a severe way    说话尖刻，有一张刀子嘴
Jane has rather a sharp tongue, I'm afraid.   恐怕简说话很刻薄。UK adverb 
SUDDENLY  突然地  
■suddenly or immediately    突然地，立刻地
After the church, turn sharp left/right.   过了教堂，向左／右急转弯。UK adverb 
EXACTLY  恰好地  
■exactly at the stated time    正好，准时地
The performance will start at 7.30 sharp.   演出将于7：30准时开始。UK adjective adverb 
■higher than the correct or stated musical note 
  （音）偏高（的），升半音（的）
The E string on my guitar is a bit sharp.   我吉他上 E 弦的音有些偏高。
This concerto is in the key of C sharp the set of musical notes a semitone higher than the one based on the note C.   这支协奏曲是升C调的。
to sing sharp   唱得偏高    Compare flat ; naturalUK noun countable 
■(a symbol for) a note that is a semitone higher than the stated note    升半音；升半音号



★☆☆   sharpen
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
ABLE TO CUT  能切断  
 ADVANCED  
■to make something sharp or sharper    使变尖；使锋利
My pencil is blunt - I'll have to sharpen it.   我的铅笔钝了——我得削一下。
figurative The company is cutting production costs in an attempt to sharpen its competitive edge (= in order to improve how competitive it is).   这家公司正降低生产成本，以增强竞争力。UK verb transitive 
MAKE STRONG  加强  
■to make something stronger    加强；加剧
Recent changes have sharpened competition between the airlines.   近来的种种变化加剧了航空公司之间的竞争。
The prison riots have sharpened the debate about how prisons should be run.   监狱暴动加剧了有关监狱该如何管理的争论。
■to improve    改善；提高
I hope this course will help me sharpen my computer skills.   我希望这门课程能帮助我磨练电脑技能。
I went to university to sharpen my mind.   我上大学是为了让自己的头脑更加敏锐。
We'll need to sharpen our wits if we're going to defeat Jack's team.   要击败杰克那一队，我们需要更加聪明一些。UK verb transitive 
CLEAR  清楚  
■to make something clearer    使清晰；使清楚
How do you sharpen the focus on this camera?   这部相机的焦距怎么调清晰呢？UK verb transitive 
MUSIC  音乐  
■to make something play a higher musical note    使提高音调；使提高半音
You need to sharpen the A string on your violin.   你小提琴上的 A 弦应升半音。UK verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   sharpen (sth) up 
■to perform better, or to improve the performance of something    改进；改善
If the company doesn't sharpen up soon, it will go out of business.   如果这家公司不马上改进的话，就会歇业关门。
sharpen up your act 
■to improve your behaviour or performance    改进…的行为（或表现）
He really needs to sharpen up his act a bit, or he'll never get to university.   他确实需要改进自己的表现了，否则绝对上不了大学。




★☆☆   sharpener
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a machine or tool for making things such as pencils or knives sharper    磨具；削具
a pencil/knife sharpener   削铅笔器／磨刀石



★☆☆   sharp-eyed
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■very good at noticing things    眼尖的，目光敏锐的
A sharp-eyed secretary noticed the mistake just in time.   一个眼尖的秘书及时地发现了错误。



★☆☆   sharpish
—————————————————
UK  US  UK informal 
adverb 
■quickly    迅速地
We'd better get out of here pretty sharpish.   我们最好快点离开这里。



★☆☆   sharply
—————————————————
UK adverb 
SUDDENLY  突然地  
 ADVANCED  
■quickly and suddenly 
Inflation has risen/fallen sharply.   通货膨胀急遽上升／下降。
His health improved/deteriorated sharply this week.   本周他的健康情况迅速好转／恶化。
The road bends sharply to the left.   公路突然左转弯。UK adverb 
ABLE TO CUT  能切断  
■in a way which will cut or make a hole    锋利地；尖尖地
a sharply pointed nail   尖尖的指甲
■severely and angrily    严厉地，尖刻地，尖锐地
a sharply-worded letter of complaint   措词尖锐的投诉信
He spoke sharply to his daughter.   他训斥了女儿。
The police have been sharply criticized for their handling of the affair.   警方在这件事的处理上受到严厉批评。UK adverb 
CLEARLY  清楚地  
■clearly and obviously    清楚地，明显地
a sharply focused photograph   对焦准确的照片
We have sharply differing views.   我们的观点截然不同。UK adverb 
FASHIONABLE  时髦的  
■in a fashionable way    时髦地
to be sharply dressed   穿着时髦UK adverb 
CLEVER  聪明的  
■quickly noticing things    敏锐地
Her ears are sharply attuned to her baby's cry.   她的耳朵很尖，宝宝一哭她就能听到。



★☆☆   sharp practice 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a way of behaving, in business, that is dishonest but not illegal 
  （商业上的）不道德行为，不正当手段
The building industry brought in rules to protect customers from sharp practice.   建筑业界制定了规定，旨在保护客户免受不正当手段的欺诈。



★☆☆   sharpshooter
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who is skilled at firing a gun and accurately hitting what they are aiming at    神枪手



★☆☆   shat
—————————————————
verb    past simple and past participle of 
■shit 



★☆☆   shatter
—————————————————
UK verb 
intransitive or transitive 
■to (cause something to) break suddenly into very small pieces 
  （使）破碎；粉碎
The glass shattered into a thousand tiny pieces.   玻璃碎成无数块细小的碎片。
His leg was shattered in the accident.   他在事故中腿骨碎裂。
transitive 
■to end or severely damage something    终结；严重破坏
The book shattered all her illusions about the Romans.   这本书让她对罗马人的幻想完全破灭。
Noisy motorbikes shattered the peace.   吵闹的摩托车声打破了宁静。



★☆☆   shattered
—————————————————
UK adjective 
BROKEN  破碎的  
■broken into very small pieces    破碎的，打碎的
Shattered glass lay all over the road.   路上到处都是碎玻璃片。
■extremely upset    极难过的
The family were shattered at the news of Annabel's suicide.   得知安娜贝尔自杀的消息，全家人都悲痛欲绝。UK adjective 
TIRED  疲劳的     UK informal 
■extremely tired    极度疲劳的
By the time I got home, I was shattered.   我到家的时候，已经筋疲力尽了。



★☆☆   shattering
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■making you feel extremely tired    令人极度疲劳的
It was a shattering schedule - seven meetings in two days.   这是个累死人的行程表——两天之内竟然有七次会。



★☆☆   shatterproof
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■Shatterproof glass or plastic, etc. is made so that it will not break into small pieces 
  （玻璃、塑胶等）防碎的
a shatterproof windscreen   防碎的挡风玻璃



★☆☆   shave
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive 
 ADVANCED  
■to remove hair from the body, especially a man's face, by cutting it close to the skin with a razor , so that the skin feels smooth    剃去（尤指脸）上的毛发；剃（毛发）
John has to shave twice a day.   约翰每天得刮两次脸。
I always shave my legs in the bath.   我总是在洗澡的时候剃腿上的汗毛。
Do you shave under your arms?   你刮腋毛吗？
When my dad shaved his beard (off) , he looked ten years younger.   我爸爸刮完胡子后，看起来年轻了十岁。verb intransitive or transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   shave sth off/from sth 
■to cut a very thin piece from an object or surface    从…刨掉，自…削掉（薄薄的一层）
She shaved a few millimetres off the bottom of the door, so that it would open more easily.   她把门的底部刨掉了几毫米，这样开门就容易些了。verb intransitive or transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   shave sth off sth (also shave sth by sth) 
■to reduce something by the stated amount    将…减少（特定之量）
The new high speed trains will shave 25 minutes off the journey time.   新的高速列车将使旅途的时间缩短25分钟。
Our prices have been shaved by 5%!   我们的价格下降了5%！noun countable 
■the act of shaving, especially a man's face    剃毛发；（尤指）刮脸，修面
I need a shave.   我需要刮一下脸。
He washed and had a shave.   他洗了把脸，又刮了胡子。



★☆☆   shaven
—————————————————
adjective 
■with the hair removed    剃过的，刮过的
They all had shaven heads.   他们都是光头。



★☆☆   shaver
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■an electric device for shaving hair from someone's face or body    电动刮胡刀    Compare razor



★☆☆   shaver point
—————————————————
UK (US shaver outlet) 
noun countable 
■a socket (= electrical opening in a wall) often in a bathroom, which is used to connect an electric razor to a supply of electricity    剃须刀插座（墙上打开的一种电器插座，常设于浴室，用于把电动剃须刀接上电源）



★☆☆   shaving
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
■for using when you shave    修面用的；用于剃须的
a shaving brush   修面刷
shaving cream/foam   刮胡膏



★☆☆   shavings
—————————————————
plural noun 
■small, very thin pieces of a hard substance 
  （硬物的）小薄片
The floor was covered in wood shavings.   地板上覆盖着一层刨屑。



★☆☆   shawl
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a large piece of cloth worn especially by women or girls over their shoulders and/or head 
  （尤指女用的）披巾，披肩



★☆☆   s/he
—————————————————
written 
pronoun 
■used in writing instead of 'she or he' to refer to a person whose sex is not known 
  （在书面语中代替 she or he，表示某人性别未知）他或她
If any employee needs to take time off, s/he should contact the Personnel Department.   任何员工需要休假，应与人事部联络。
⇨ See also they



★☆☆   she
—————————————————
pronoun 
 ESSENTIAL  
■used to refer to a woman, girl or female animal that has already been mentioned    她；（指雌性动物）它
I asked my mother if she'd lend me some money, but she said no.   我问母亲能否借我点钱，她没有答应。
■used instead of 'it' to refer to something, especially a country, ship or vehicle, that has already been mentioned 
  （代替 it，尤用以指代已提及的国家、轮船或车辆）
After India became independent, she chose to be a member of the Commonwealth.   印度独立后，自主选择成为英联邦的成员。
Look at my new car - isn't she beautiful?   看看我的新车——是不是很漂亮？noun countable 
■a female    女性；雌性
Is this kitten a she or a he?   这只小猫是母的还是公的？



★☆☆   shea butter
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a yellow fat from a type of nut, used in makeup and soap and as a food    雪亚脂，乳木果油（由一种坚果果实提取的一种黄色油脂，用于化妆品和肥皂，也可用作食物）
This product contains avocado oil and shea butter to leave your skin silky smooth.   这种产品含有酪梨油和雪亚脂，使用后你的皮肤就会变得如丝般光滑。



★☆☆   sheaf
—————————————————
 (plural sheaves)
noun countable 
■a number of things, especially pieces of paper or plant stems, that are held or tied together 
  （尤指纸张的）叠；（尤指植物茎杆的）捆，束
A lawyer walked in carrying a whole sheaf of papers.   一个律师走进来，手里拿着一叠文件。
The corn was cut and tied in sheaves.   玉米收割后被绑成一捆。



★☆☆   shear
—————————————————
UK US  (sheared, sheared or shorn)
verb 
CUT  剪切  
   transitive 
■to cut the wool off a sheep    给（羊）剪（羊毛）
The farmer taught her how to shear sheep.   那个农夫教了她如何剪羊毛。
transitive 
■to cut the hair on a person's head close to the skin, especially without care 
  （尤指草率地）剃光（头发）
He recalled the humiliation of having his hair shorn and exchanging his clothes for the prison uniform.   他记起了曾被剃光头、被迫换上囚服的耻辱。
be shorn of sth 
■to have something taken away from you    被剥夺，被夺去
The ex-President, although shorn of his official powers, still has influence.   前总统虽然被剥夺了权力，但是仍有影响力。UK US  (sheared, sheared or shorn)
verb 
BREAK  断裂  
   intransitive specialized 
■If part of something, especially something made of metal, shears, it breaks into two pieces, usually because of a sideways force 
  （尤指金属部件因剪切力）折断，断裂
The old screws holding the engine casing had sheared (off).   固定引擎外壳的旧螺丝折断了。



★☆☆   shears
—————————————————
UK plural noun 
■very large scissors    大剪刀
gardening/dressmaking shears   园艺／裁缝剪刀
They use electric shears for sheep shearing.   他们使用电动大剪刀剪羊毛。



★☆☆   sheath
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a close-fitting covering to protect something    鞘套；护套
The cable has a copper wire surrounded by a plastic sheath.   电缆是铜丝做的，外面包着塑胶皮。
The nerves are protected by thin sheaths of fatty tissue.   神经由薄薄的脂肪鞘保护着。
■a cover into which a knife or sword fits so that the blade cannot cut someone when it is not being used 
  （刀剑的）鞘
He drew the knife from its jewelled leather sheath.   他把刀从镶有珠宝的皮鞘中抽出来。
UK    * a condom 



★☆☆   sheathe
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to put a knife back inside its sheath    把（刀剑）插入鞘中
■literary 
■to cover something in a thick or protective layer of a substance 
  （厚厚地或保护性地）包，覆盖
The landscape was sheathed in ice.   大地为冰雪所覆盖。



★☆☆   sheath knife 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a knife with a fixed blade    带鞘的刀



★☆☆   sheaves
—————————————————
noun    plural of 
■sheaf 



★☆☆   shebang
—————————————————
 mainly US informal 
noun 
the whole shebang 
■the whole of something, including everything that is connected with it    整个事情
The wedding's next week, but my parents are taking care of the whole shebang.   下周举行婚礼，但整件事情都是我父母在筹备。



★☆☆   she'd
—————————————————
short form 
 ESSENTIAL  
■she had 
She'd found the answer, at last.   她最后终于找到了答案。
 ESSENTIAL     * she would 
She'd be a great managing director, don't you think?   她会成为一位出色的总经理，难道你不这么认为吗？



★☆☆   shed
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a small building, usually made of wood, used for storing things 
  （通常为木质、存放物品用的）棚子，小屋
a garden shed   园艺棚
a tool/bicycle shed   工具／脚踏车棚
■a large simple building used for a particular activity 
  （用于特定活动的）大简易棚
the lambing shed   产羔棚verb (shedding, shed, shed)
GET RID OF  摆脱  
 ADVANCED  transitive 
■(often used in newspapers) to get rid of something you do not need or want 
  （常为报刊用语）去除，摆脱
900 jobs will be shed over the next few months.   接下来几个月中要裁减900个职位。
Psychotherapy helped him to shed some of his insecurity/inhibitions.   心理疗法帮助他摆脱了一些不安全感／自我压抑。
I'm going on a diet to see if I can shed (= become thinner by losing) a few kilos.   我要节食，看能不能甩掉几公斤。
 ADVANCED  transitive 
■to lose a covering, such as leaves, hair or skin, because it falls off naturally, or to drop something in a natural way or by accident    使脱落；使掉落；蜕；脱
The trees shed their leaves in autumn.   树木在秋天落叶。
They ran down to the sea, shedding clothes as they went.   他们奔向大海，一边跑一边脱衣服。
UK A lorry had shed a load of gravel across the road.   一辆卡车在路上掉下了一堆碎石。verb (shedding, shed, shed)
PRODUCE  产生  
shed tears/blood/light, etc. 
■to produce tears, light, blood, etc.    流泪／流血／发光等
She shed a few tears at her daughter's wedding.   她在女儿的婚礼上流下泪来。
So much blood has been shed (= So many people have been badly hurt or killed) in this war.   这场战争造成了惨重的伤亡。



★☆☆   she-devil
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a woman who is considered to be dangerous or evil    毒妇，恶毒的女人



★☆☆   shedload
—————————————————
UK US  UK informal 
noun countable 
■a large amount    大量；许多
The film has recently won a shedload of awards.   这部电影最近赢得了许多奖项。
Shedloads of cash are needed to improve the failing health service.   改善每况愈下的医疗保健制度需要大量资金。



★☆☆   sheen
—————————————————
 approving 
noun only singular 
■a bright, smooth surface    光彩；光泽
The conditioner gives the hair a beautiful soft sheen.   这种护发乳能使头发美丽、柔顺，富有光泽。



★☆☆   sheep
—————————————————
 (plural sheep)
noun countable 
 IMPROVER  
■a farm animal with thick wool, that eats grass and is kept for its wool, skin and meat    羊，绵羊
The farmer has several large flocks (= groups) of long-haired sheep.   这位农夫养着好几大群长毛绵羊。
We heard sheep bleating/baaing in the field.   我们听见绵羊在田野里咩咩叫。
⇨ See also ewe;lamb;mutton;ram (plural sheep)
noun countable 
be (like) sheep disapproving 
■If a group of people are (like) sheep, they all behave in the same way or all behave as they are told, and cannot or will not act independently.    像绵羊一样，任人摆布 (plural sheep)
noun countable 
separate / sort out the sheep from the goats UK 
■to make clear which people in a particular group are of a higher ability than the others    分出优劣
The uphill stages of the race will really sort the sheep from the goats.   上坡的几个路段会真正拉开选手们的距离。



★☆☆   sheep dip 
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a liquid in which sheep are washed in order to kill harmful insects living in their wool, or the container in which the liquid is put    羊消毒液，浴羊药液；洗羊药水槽



★☆☆   sheepdog
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a dog trained to help people control sheep and move them in the direction wanted    牧羊犬
Two sheepdogs herded the sheep into pens.   两只牧羊犬把羊群赶进了羊圈。



★☆☆   sheepish
—————————————————
adjective 
■embarrassed because you know that you have done something wrong or silly 
  （因做错事或傻事而）窘迫的，不好意思的
She gave me a sheepish smile and apologized.   她腼腆地笑了一下，道了歉。



★☆☆   sheepshearing
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■the act or occasion of cutting the wool of sheep    剪羊毛（修剪羊毛的动作或场合）



★☆☆   sheepskin
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■the skin of a sheep with the wool still on it    带毛绵羊皮
We've got a rug made from (a) sheepskin.   我们有一块带毛绵羊皮的小地毯。
a sheepskin coat   羊皮袄



★☆☆   sheep station
—————————————————
Australian 
noun countable 
■a large farm on which sheep are kept    绵羊牧场



★☆☆   sheer
—————————————————
UK adjective 
COMPLETE  完全的  
 ADVANCED  [before noun] 
■used to emphasize how very great, important or powerful a quality or feeling is; nothing except    完全的，彻底的
The suggestion is sheer nonsense.   这个建议纯粹是胡言乱语。
His success was due to sheer willpower/determination.   他的成功全靠自己的意志力／决心。
It was sheer coincidence that we met.   我们的相遇纯属巧合。UK adjective 
STEEP  陡峭的  
■extremely steep; almost vertical    陡峭的；近乎垂直的
a sheer mountain side   陡峭的山坡
a sheer drop of 100 metres   100米的垂直落差UK adjective 
THIN  薄的  
■describes clothing or material which is so thin, light and delicate that you can see through it 
  （织物等）极薄的，透明的
sheer nylon tights   透明尼龙连裤袜
She wore a dress of the sheerest silk.   她穿了一条薄如蝉翼的丝绸连衣裙。UK verb intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to change direction suddenly    突然转向
I thought the boats were going to collide, but one sheered off/away at the last second.   我以为两只小船就要撞上了，但在最后关头，其中一只突然掉头避开了。



★☆☆   sheet
—————————————————
noun countable 
 IMPROVER  
■a large thin flat especially rectangular piece of something, especially a piece of cloth used for sleeping on 
  （尤指长方形的）大薄片；（尤指）床单
I've put clean sheets on the bed.   我已经给床铺上了干净的床单。
a sheet of glass   一片玻璃
They fixed a polythene/plastic sheet over the broken window.   他们在破损的窗户上补上了一块聚乙烯／塑胶纸。
 IMPROVER  
■a piece of paper    一张纸
some sheets of wrapping paper   几张包装纸
The application form was a single sheet of paper.   申请表是单张纸的。
■a piece of paper with something printed on it    一张印有字的纸
The tourist office provides a weekly information sheet about things that are happening in the town.   旅游局每周提供一份有关本市新闻的印刷品。
sheet of sth 
■a large wide mass of something such as fire or ice    一大片；一大团
A sheet of flame shot up into the air immediately after the explosion.   爆炸之后，紧接着腾起一片烈焰。
A thick sheet of ice had formed over the water.   水面上结了厚厚的一层冰。
sheets [plural] 
■a large quantity of rain    大量（雨或冰雹）
The rain was coming down in sheets.   大雨如注。verb informal 
be sheeting 
■to be raining very hard    大雨滂沱
We can't go out yet, it's sheeting down outside.   我们还不能出去，外面正下着倾盆大雨。
The rain was sheeting against the windows.   雨水泼打着窗户。



★☆☆   sheeting
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■thin material, especially cloth, plastic or metal    薄材料（尤指布、塑胶或金属）



★☆☆   sheet lightning 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■lightning that lights up a large part of the sky    片状闪电



★☆☆   sheet music 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■music in its printed or written form, especially single sheets of paper not formed into a book    乐谱；（尤指）活页乐谱



★☆☆   sheikh
—————————————————
(also sheik) [&#x283;e&#x26A;k] [&#x283;i:k]
noun countable 
■an Arab ruler or head of a tribe 
  （阿拉伯）酋长，部落首领



★☆☆   sheikhdom
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an area of land or a country ruled by a sheikh    酋长辖区；酋长国



★☆☆   sheila
—————————————————
 Australian slang 
noun countable 
■a girl or a woman    少女；女人



★☆☆   shekel
—————————————————
noun 
countable 
■the standard unit of money used in Israel    雪克尔（以色列标准货币单位）
shekels [plural] slang humorous 
■money    钱



★☆☆   shelf
—————————————————
 (plural shelves)
noun countable 
 IMPROVER  
■a long flat board fixed horizontally, usually against a wall or inside a cupboard so that objects can be stored on it 
  （通常指固定在墙上或橱柜中的）架子
a glass shelf   玻璃架子
on the top/bottom shelf   在顶层／底层架子上
One wall had shelves from floor to ceiling, crammed with books.   一面墙是高及天花板的书架，上面塞满了书。
⇨ See also bookshelf   specialized 
■a flat area of rock under water or on a cliff    陆架，陆棚；岩棚
off the shelf 
■If a product can be bought off the shelf, it does not need to be specially made or requested 
  （产品）现成的，不需订制的
It's often cheaper if you buy wallpaper off the shelf, rather than having to order it.   如果你买现成的壁纸，通常会比订购的要便宜。
off-the-shelf goods/clothes   现成的货物／衣服
remove sth from your shelves 
■When a shop removes something from its shelves, that product stops being available for sale there.    将…下架，不再出售 (plural shelves)
noun countable 
on the shelf 
■not noticed or not used    被忽视的；被搁置的；废弃的
It's important to apply research in a practical way and not leave it on the shelf.   重要的是，要把研究运用于实际当中，而不是束之高阁。    mainly UK informal 
■describes someone, usually a woman, who is not married and is considered too old for anyone to want to marry them 
  （通常指女子）年龄太大而找不到结婚对象的
In those days, if you hadn't married by the time you were 30, you were definitely on the shelf.   在那个时代，如果你到30岁还未结婚，那就肯定嫁不出去了。



★☆☆   shelf life
—————————————————
(plural shelf lives)
noun countable usually singular 
■the length of time that a product, especially food, can be kept in a shop before it becomes too old to be sold or used 
  （尤指食品的）货架期，保存期限
Fresh fruit has a very short shelf life.   新鲜水果的保鲜期限很短。
These days many marriages have a fairly short shelf life (= don't last very long).   这个时代，许多婚姻都无法持久。



★☆☆   she'll
—————————————————
short form 
 ESSENTIAL  
■she will    她会
She'll be here later.   她待会儿就到了。



★☆☆   shell
—————————————————
noun 
COVERING  外壳  
 ADVANCED  countable or uncountable 
■the hard outer covering of something, especially nuts, eggs and some animals 
  （尤指坚果、蛋、某些动物的）壳
Brazil nuts have very hard shells.   巴西果的壳很坚硬。
A piece of shell fell into the cake mixture.   有片蛋壳掉进蛋糕面糊里了。
the shell of a snail/crab/tortoise   蜗牛／蟹／乌龟的壳
a shell necklace (= a piece of jewellery made out of the shells of small sea animals)   贝壳项链
⇨ See also eggshell;nutshell;seashell;shellfish
countable 
■the basic outer structure of a building or vehicle, especially when the parts inside have been destroyed or taken or have not yet been made 
  （尤指内部遭破坏、被去除或尚未建成的建筑物、车辆的）框架，骨架
the shell of a burnt-out farmhouse   大火后农舍的残骸noun 
EXPLOSIVE  爆炸物  
countable 
■a container, usually with a pointed end, which is filled with explosives and shot from a large gun    炮弹
Artillery and mortar shells were landing in the outskirts of the city.   大炮和迫击炮弹落在城市周边地区。noun 
BOAT  船  
countable 
■a type of boat used for racing, driven by people using oars (= poles with flat ends)    赛艇（用于竞赛的一种船，由人们使用扁头的船桨划动）noun 
come out of your shell (also bring sb out of their shell) 
■If you come out of your shell, you become more interested in other people and more willing to talk and take part in social activities, and if someone brings you out of your shell, they cause you to do this 
  （使）变得不再自闭，（使）融入外部世界
Derek has really come out of his shell since he started working here.   自从开始在这里工作以后，德里克真正变得活跃起来。noun 
crawl/go/retreat/retire into your shell 
■to become less interested in other people and less willing to talk and take part in social activities    变得自闭起来
The more they tried to get her to talk about her experiences, the further she retreated back into her shell.   他们越是想让她谈谈自己的经历，她越是沉默寡言。verb transitive 
COVERING  外壳  
■to remove peas, nuts, etc. from their shells or their natural protective covering    剥去…的壳verb transitive 
EXPLOSIVE  爆炸  
■to fire shells at something    炮轰，炮击
They were under orders to shell the hospital and the town hall.   他们奉命炮轰医院和市政厅。verb transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] shell (sth) out informal 
■to pay or give money for something, usually unwillingly 
  （通常指不情愿地）支付，拿出（钱）
Having shelled out fifty pounds for the tickets, I wasn't going to miss the show.   我忍痛花了50英镑买票，说什么也不会错过演出。




★☆☆   shellacking
—————————————————
 /'&#x283;el.&#xE6;k-] US informal 
noun countable usually singular 
■a complete defeat or beating    揍打；彻底的失败
The Dodgers took a shellacking (= were defeated by many points).   道奇队遭到彻底的失败，和对手的得分相差很远。
His dad gave him a shellacking (= beating) for stealing the money.   他偷钱，被父亲狠狠揍了一顿。



★☆☆   shellfish
—————————————————
 (plural shellfish)
noun countable or uncountable 
■sea creatures that live in shells and are eaten as food, or one of these creatures    甲壳类水生动物
Lobsters, crabs, prawns and oysters are all shellfish.   龙虾、螃蟹、对虾和牡蛎都是甲壳类水产品。



★☆☆   shell shock 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■mental illness caused by experiences of war    炮弹休克，爆炸性精神异常； 震吓痴呆症
He said many of the men who were shot for cowardice were in fact suffering from shell shock.   他说很多因临战退缩而被枪毙的士兵实际上患有爆炸性精神异常。



★☆☆   shell-shocked
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■suffering from shell shock    患有炮弹休克的
I was treating shell-shocked soldiers.   我正在治疗那些患有炮弹休克的士兵。
■extremely tired and nervous or frightened, especially after an unpleasant and unexpected event, or extremely surprised 
  （尤指经历不愉快的意外事件后）极度疲惫而紧张（或惊恐）的；受极度惊吓的
After the crash, the passengers were shell-shocked but there were no serious injuries.   事故发生后，乘客都受到了极度惊吓，但没有人受重伤。
They were shell-shocked by the news.   他们被这个消息吓呆了。



★☆☆   shell suit
—————————————————
UK 
noun countable 
■an informal loose top and trousers made of thin, light, smooth material with elastic (= material that stretches) at the wrist and ankle    贝壳装（用薄、轻、滑的料子做成的手腕处和脚踝处有松紧带的宽松休闲装）



★☆☆   shelter
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
 IMPROVER  
■(a building designed to give) protection from bad weather, danger or attack    掩蔽（处）；遮蔽（处）
an air-raid shelter   防空洞
They opened a shelter to provide temporary housing for the city's homeless.   他们开设了一个收容所，为该市的无家可归者提供临时的住宿。
The trees gave/provided some shelter from the rain.   这些树遮了一些雨。
find/take shelter 
■to protect yourself from bad weather, danger or attack    躲避
We took shelter for the night in an abandoned house.   我们在一栋废弃的房子里躲了一夜。UK verb 
PROTECT  保护  
intransitive or transitive 
■to protect yourself, or another person or thing, from bad weather, danger or attack    躲避；保护；遮蔽
We were caught in a thunderstorm, without anywhere to shelter.   我们遇上了雷阵雨，没有避雨的地方。
A group of us were sheltering from the rain under the trees.   我们一群人在树下避雨。
transitive 
■to give someone a secret hiding place so that they will not be caught by the army, police, etc.    为…提供避难的地方
Local people risked their own lives to shelter resistance fighters from the army.   当地的人们冒着生命危险，为反抗组织的战士提供避难所，使其免遭军队逮捕。UK verb 
AVOID TAX  逃税  
transitive US 
■If you shelter income, you legally avoid paying taxes on it    如果你将收入投资，就可合法避免相关税收。
Their accountant suggested some novel ways of sheltering their retirement income.   他们的会计师向他们建议退休收入投资的一些新方法。



★☆☆   sheltered
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■protected from wind, rain or other bad weather    受庇护的，不受坏天气侵袭的
We found a sheltered spot (= place) to have our picnic.   我们找到了一个能避雨的地方野餐。UK adjective 
have/lead a sheltered life disapproving 
■to have a life in which you are protected too much and experience very little danger, excitement or change    过着备受呵护的生活
Until going to university, she had led a very sheltered life.   上大学之前，她过着衣食无忧的生活。



★☆☆   sheltered accommodation
—————————————————
(also sheltered housing) 
noun uncountable 
■houses for old and ill people in a place where help can be given if it is needed    福利院
She's just moved into sheltered accommodation.   她刚刚住进了庇护所。



★☆☆   sheltered workshop
—————————————————
UK 
noun countable 
■a factory, or similar place of work, specially designed for people with mental or physical difficulties to work in    喜憨儿工厂，福利工厂（一种工厂或类似的工作场所，特别为精神残疾或身体残疾的人开设，供其工作）



★☆☆   shelve
—————————————————
verb 
DELAY  延迟  
transitive 
■to not take action on something until a later time    延迟处理，搁置
I've had to shelve my plans to buy a new car, because I can't afford it at the moment.   我不得不延缓买新车的计划，因为目前我还买不起。verb 
SHELF  架  
transitive 
■to put something onto shelves, or to fix shelves somewhere    把…放在架子上；给…装上架子verb 
SLOPE  斜坡  
intransitive specialized 
■When a surface such as the bottom of the sea shelves, it slopes down gradually. 
  （海底等平面）逐渐倾斜
The sea bed shelves gently for several hundred metres.   海床逐渐倾斜了好几百米。



★☆☆   shelves
—————————————————
noun    plural of 
■shelf



★☆☆   shelving
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■shelves    架子
The carpenter put up some shelving in the living room.   木匠在客厅里装了一些架子。



★☆☆   shenanigans
—————————————————
 informal disapproving 
plural noun 
■secret or dishonest activities, usually of a complicated and humorous or interesting type    诈骗，欺骗；耍手腕；恶作剧；把戏，诡计
More business/political shenanigans were exposed in the newspapers today.   今天的报纸又揭露了一些商业诈骗／政治把戏。



★☆☆   shepherd
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person whose job is to take care of sheep and move them from one place to another    牧羊人
a shepherd boy   牧羊童UK verb transitive usually + adverb or preposition 
PEOPLE  人  
■to make a group of people move to where you want them to go, especially in a kind, helpful and careful way    带领，引导
He shepherded the old people towards the dining room.   他把老人们带到餐厅。UK verb transitive usually + adverb or preposition 
SHEEP  羊  
■to move sheep from one place to another    牧羊人
The dogs shepherded the sheep into the pens.   狗把羊赶进了羊圈。



★☆☆   shepherdess
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a female shepherd    女牧羊人，牧羊女



★☆☆   shepherd's pie
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■a dish consisting of a layer of small pieces of meat covered with a thick layer of mashed potato    肉馅马铃薯泥饼



★☆☆   sherbet
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable    UK 
■an artificial powder with a fruit flavour eaten as a sweet or used to make a drink, especially for children 
  （尤指儿童吃的）果味粉
US    * sorbet 



★☆☆   sheriff
—————————————————
noun countable 
■in the US, an official whose job is to be in charge of performing the orders of the law courts and making certain that the laws are obeyed within a particular county 
  （美国的）郡保安官
■in England and Wales, a person who represents the king or queen in a particular county , and whose duties are mainly in official ceremonies 
  （英格兰和威尔士的）郡长
■the most important judge of a county in Scotland 
  （苏格兰的）郡法官



★☆☆   Sherpa
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a member of a Himalayan people who are skilled mountain climbers and who are often employed as guides by visiting climbers    雪巴人（喜马拉雅山脉的一个部族，常受雇为登山者当向导）



★☆☆   sherry
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a type of strong wine from southern Spain which is a pale yellow or brown colour and often drunk before a meal    雪利酒（烈性葡萄酒，通常餐前饮用，颜色从浅黄色至褐色不一）
sweet/dry sherry   甜／不甜的雪利酒
Would you like a glass of sherry/some sherry?   你想来杯／点雪利酒吗?
Would you like a sherry (= a glass of sherry) ?   你想来杯雪利酒吗？



★☆☆   she's
—————————————————
short form 
 ESSENTIAL  
■she is 
She's a writer.   她是位作家。
 ESSENTIAL     * she has 
She's got the most elegant writing style.   她的文风极为优美。



★☆☆   Shetland pony
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a very small rough-haired horse    谢德兰矮种马



★☆☆   Shia
—————————————————
 (also Shiite) 
noun countable 
■a member of the second largest religious movement within Islam, which is based on the belief that Ali, a member of Mohammed's family, and the teachers who came after him, were the true religious leaders    什叶派教徒（什叶派为伊斯兰教的第二大派别，认为穆罕默德之婿阿里及其后裔为真正宗教领袖）



★☆☆   shiatsu
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a treatment for pain or illness, originally from ancient Japan, in which particular places on the body are pressed    指压按摩（源于古代日本，透过按摩身体的特定部位止痛或治病）



★☆☆   shibboleth
—————————————————
noun countable    formal 
■a belief or custom that is not now considered as important and correct as it was in the past    过时的信仰；陈旧的习俗
They still cling to many of the old shibboleths of education.   他们仍然固守着许多过时的教育传统。
■a word, phrase, custom, etc. only known to a particular group of people, which you can use to prove to them that you are a real member of that group 
  （特定人群的）特有用语（习俗等）



★☆☆   shicer
—————————————————
UK US Australian informal 
noun countable 
■a swindler    骗子；不择手段的人



★☆☆   shield
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■in the past, a large flat object made of metal or leather that soldiers held in front of their bodies to protect themselves 
  （旧时的）盾（牌）
 ADVANCED  
■a large flat object made of strong plastic that policemen hold in front of their bodies to protect themselves 
  （警用的）防暴盾牌
The police held up their riot shields against the flying rocks and bricks.   员警举着防暴盾牌阻挡飞来的石头和砖块。
■something or someone used as protection or providing protection    保护物，屏障；保护者
The anti-personnel mines were laid as a protective shield around the town.   城镇周围布设了杀伤性地雷作为保护屏障。
Anger can function as a shield against (= a way of avoiding) even more painful emotions of loss and hurt.   愤怒可以起到这样的作用：避免更加痛苦的失落感和受伤害情绪。
■a flat object with two straight sides, a rounded or pointed lower edge and usually a straight top edge, on which there is a coat of arms    盾形纹章（或徽章）
■an object shaped like a shield, which is given as a prize or used as a symbol or badge    盾形奖牌
Our school won the county football shield this year.   我们学校赢得了今年全郡足球赛盾形奖牌。verb transitive 
■to protect someone or something    保护
She held her hand above her eyes to shield them from the sun.   她把手搭在眼睛上方以遮挡太阳。
They are accused of trying to shield the General from US federal investigators.   他们被指控试图包庇将军，使其逃避美国联邦调查员的调查。



★☆☆   shift
—————————————————
verb 
MOVE OR CHANGE  移动或改变  
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■to (cause something or someone to) move or change from one position or direction to another, especially slightly 
  （尤指略微地）移动；改变；转移
She shifted (her weight) uneasily from one foot to the other.   她不安地把身体的重心由一只脚转移到另一只脚。
The wind is expected to shift (to the east) tomorrow.   预计风明天转向（为东风）。
Media attention has shifted recently onto environmental issues.   媒体关注的焦点最近转到了环保问题。
 IMPROVER  transitive mainly US 
■to move the gears of a vehicle into different positions in order to make it go faster or slower    换（档）
In cars that are automatics, you don't have to bother with shifting gears.   开自排汽车无需换档。verb 
GET RID OF  去除  
transitive UK informal 
■to get rid of something unwanted, or to sell something    摆脱；去除；卖掉
Modern detergents will shift most stains.   新式洗涤剂能去除大部分污渍。
The people at the toy shop expect to shift a lot of stock in the run-up to Christmas.   玩具店商希望能在圣诞节前卖掉一大堆存货。verb 
shift yourself 
■If you shift yourself when you have a job to do, you hurry to do the job as quickly as possible    尽快做，手脚俐落
Come on, there's work to be done - shift yourself.   快点，还有事要做——手脚俐落点。verb 
shift (your) ground 
■to change your opinion    改变（某人的）立场
He's annoying to argue with because he keeps shifting his ground.   和他争论令人恼火，因为他不停地改变立场。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [R] shift for yourself old-fashioned 
■to earn your own income or buy and cook your own food, etc.    独立谋生；自己照顾自己
He left home at 18 and had to shift for himself.   他18岁就离开家，不得不自己谋生。noun 
GROUP  团体  
 ADVANCED  countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a group of workers who do a job for a period of time during the day or night, or the period of time itself    轮班职工；班；轮班
As the night shift leave/leaves, the day shift arrive/arrives.   夜班工人下班时，日班工人来上班。
Are you on the night shift or the day shift (= Do you work during the night period or the day period) ?   你上夜班还是日班？noun 
CHANGE  改变  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■a change in position or direction    移动；改变；变向
a shift in the wind/temperature   风向／温度的改变
The shift in the balance of power in the region has had far-reaching consequences.   这个地区力量均势的改变有着深远的影响。
There has been a dramatic shift in public opinion towards peaceful negotiations.   大众对和平谈判的态度发生了重大变化。noun 
DRESS  连衣裙  
countable 
■a simple dress that hangs straight from the shoulders    直筒连衣裙



★☆☆   shifting
—————————————————
adjective 
■always changing or moving    不断变化的；不断移动的
They lost their way in the shifting sands of the Sahara.   他们在撒哈拉沙漠不断变化的流沙中迷了路。



★☆☆   shift key
—————————————————
specialized 
noun countable 
■a key on a computer or a typewriter which you press at the same time as you press a letter key in order to produce a capital letter 
  （电脑或打字机上打大写字母的）切换键



★☆☆   shiftless
—————————————————
 disapproving 
adjective 
■lazy and not having much determination or a clear purpose    没志气的；得过且过的
He called the young people shiftless, lazy and good-for-nothing.   他说这些年轻人胸无大志，懒惰又无用。



★☆☆   shiftwork
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■when different groups of workers work somewhere at different times of the day and night    轮班工作，轮值
The factory is run on shiftwork.   这家工厂实行轮班制。
I hate shiftwork.   我讨厌轮班工作。



★☆☆   shifty
—————————————————
adjective 
■looking or seeming dishonest 
  （看起来）不老实的，诡诈的
He's got shifty eyes.   他的眼睛贼溜溜的。
You're looking very shifty. What have you been up to?   你看起来鬼鬼祟祟的。你想干甚么?
There's a couple of shifty -looking people standing on the street corner.   街角站着几个贼头贼脑的人。



★☆☆   Shiism
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the religious movement of which Shias are members    什叶派教义；什叶派宗教运动



★☆☆   shiitake (mushroom)
—————————————————
(also shitake) [&#x283;&#x26A;'t&#x251;:.ki]
noun countable 
■a Japanese or Chinese mushroom , used in cooking    香菇，花菇，冬菇（产于日本和中国的一种蘑菇，用于煮食）



★☆☆   Shiite
—————————————————
(also Shi'ite) ['&#x283;i:.a&#x26A;t]
noun countable 
■a Shia 



★☆☆   shilling
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a unit of money used in Britain until 1971, equal to 12 old pence or 5 new pence    先令（英国1971年前使用的一种货币单位，合12旧便士或5新便士）
■the standard unit of money used in Kenya, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda    先令（肯亚、索马利亚、坦桑尼亚和乌干达使用的标准货币单位）



★☆☆   shilly-shally
—————————————————
 [&#x2CC;--'--] informal disapproving 
verb intransitive 
■to spend too much time doing something or making a decision because you do not know what is the right thing to do    动摇不定；犹豫不决
Stop shilly-shallying and make a decision now!   别再犹豫了，现在就作决定吧！



★☆☆   shimmer
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive 
■to shine in such a way that the light seems to shake slightly and quickly    发出微弱的闪光，闪烁
She could see her reflection in the water, shimmering in the moonlight.   她能看到水中自己的倒影在月光下闪烁。UK noun only singular 
■when something shimmers    微弱的闪光，闪烁



★☆☆   shimmering
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■reflecting a gentle light which seems to move slightly    闪烁的，微微晃动的
We drove across the desert, through the shimmering heat haze.   我们驾车穿过沙漠，穿过闪动的热浪。
■literary 
■attractive    有吸引力的；精彩的
a shimmering new production of 'A Midsummer Night's Dream'   精彩的全新版《仲夏夜之梦》



★☆☆   shimmy
—————————————————
verb intransitive 
■to do a dance in which you shake your hips and shoulders 
  （抖动臀部和肩部）跳西迷舞
She shimmied across the dance floor.   她跳着西迷舞穿过舞池。
US 
■If a car shimmies, it has a very light shaking movement which is not the usual movement of the car.    摇摆；摆振（如果一辆车摆振，它有非常轻微的摇摆运动，并非其正常运动）



★☆☆   shin
—————————————————
noun 
countable 
■the front part of your leg between your knee and your foot    胫，胫部
She's got a nasty bruise on her shin.   她的胫部有一块严重的瘀伤。
countable or uncountable 
■a joint (= large piece) of meat from the lower leg of a cow    牛的小腿肉
a shin of beef   一块牛的小腿肉verb intransitive usually + adverb or preposition (-nn-)    (US also shinny) 
■to climb something such as a tree, using your hands and legs to move along quickly    攀，爬
Several of us shinned up lampposts so that we could see over the crowd.   我们之中有几个人爬上了路灯柱，这样就可以越过人们的头顶观看了。



★☆☆   shinbone
—————————————————
UK US  (specialized tibia) 
noun countable 
■the bone at the front of your leg, between the knee and the foot    胫骨



★☆☆   shindig
—————————————————
noun countable    informal 
■a noisy event or situation, especially a large, energetic party, celebration, etc.    喧闹的事件（或情形）；（尤指）狂欢会，盛大庆祝会
Are you going to that shindig at the Town Hall tonight?   你去参加今晚在市政厅举行的狂欢会吗?
mainly UK 
■a noisy argument    吵闹，争吵



★☆☆   shine
—————————————————
verb (shone or shined, shone or shined)
LIGHT  光线  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive 
■to send out or reflect light    照耀；发光；反光
Is that light shining in your eyes?   那光晃眼吗？
The sun shone all afternoon.   整个下午阳光灿烂。
He polished the brass till it shone.   他把黄铜器皿擦得闪闪发光。
shine with sth 
■If a person's eyes or face shine with a quality, you can see that quality in them very strongly 
  （眼中或脸上）洋溢着，闪着
Her eyes shone with delight.   她眼里洋溢着喜悦。
intransitive or transitive 
■to point a light in a particular direction    用光照射
The policeman walked along the street, shining a torch into every car.   员警沿着街走，拿手电筒把每辆车都照了一遍。
transitive 
■to make something bright by rubbing it    把…擦亮
Guy ironed his shirt and shined his shoes for the interview.   为了参加面试，盖伊熨平了衬衫，擦亮了皮鞋。verb (shone or shined, shone or shined)
ABILITY  能力  
intransitive 
■to be extremely good at an activity or skill, in an obvious way    表现突出，出众
She's hopeless at languages, but she shines at/in science.   她在语言方面糟透了，但理科却很出众。verb (shone or shined, shone or shined)
  Phrasal Verbs   shine out 
■If people or things shine out, they are noticeable because they are very good    突出，出众
The play has a very strong cast, but two actors in particular shine out.   这部戏的演员阵容十分强大，其中有两名尤为突出。
■If a quality shines out of someone, it is strong and easy to see 
  （品质）显而易见
Her honesty and sincerity positively shine out.   她的诚实和诚恳是显而易见的。noun [S or U] 
■when something is bright from reflected light on its surface    光彩；光泽
hair with body and shine   有造型又有光泽的头发
Wax polish gives a lovely shine to wood furniture.   用蜡打磨，可以使木制家俱发亮，非常漂亮。noun [S or U] 
take a shine to sb informal 
■to like someone immediately    立刻喜欢上（某人）
I think he's taken a bit of a shine to you.   我想他立刻有点喜欢上你了。



★☆☆   shiner
—————————————————
UK US informal 
noun countable 
■a black eye (= an eye where the skin around it has gone dark because it has been hit) 
  （打伤或跌伤的）黑眼圈
I think you're going to have a real shiner there in the morning.   我想你早上会有明显的黑眼圈。



★☆☆   shingle
—————————————————
noun 
STONES  石头  
uncountable 
■small round stones that cover a beach or the ground by the edge of a river 
  （海滩或河岸上的）卵石；沙砾
a shingle beach   沙石海滩
I love the noise of the waves on the shingle.   我喜欢听海浪打在卵石上的声音。noun 
PIECE  片  
countable 
■a thin flat tile usually made of wood, that is fixed in rows to make a roof or wall covering 
  （通常用木头制成的）木瓦，屋顶板，墙板noun 
DISEASE  疾病  
shingles 
uncountable 
■a disease caused by a virus that infects particular nerves and that produces a line or lines of painful red spots, especially around the waist    带状疱疹



★☆☆   shinny
—————————————————
verb intransitive    US for 
■shin (CLIMB) 



★☆☆   shin splints 
—————————————————
plural noun 
■severe pains in the area of your shin (= front part of the lower leg) , happening especially to runners and other people who do exercise involving a lot of running or jumping    外胫炎（胫（即小腿前部）的严重疼痛，尤见于赛跑运动员，及其运动涉及大量奔跑或跳跃的人士）



★☆☆   Shinto
—————————————————
UK  US (also Shintoism) 
noun uncountable 
■a Japanese religion in which people worship past members of their family and various gods that represent nature 
  （日本的）神道教



★☆☆   shiny
—————————————————
adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■A shiny surface is bright because it reflects light 
  （表面）有光泽的，光亮的
beautiful shiny hair   美丽有光泽的头发
shiny black shoes   闪亮的黑皮鞋
a shiny silver dollar   一枚闪闪发亮的银币



★☆☆   ship
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a large boat for travelling on water, especially across the sea 
  （尤指航海的）大船，轮船，舰
a sailing ship   大帆船
a merchant/naval ship   商船／军舰
They boarded (= went on to) a ship that was sailing (= leaving) the next day.   他们登上了一艘隔天启航的船。noun countable 
like ships that pass in the night 
■If two people are like ships that pass in the night, they meet once or twice by chance for a short time then do not see each other again.    擦肩而过；一面之缘（如果两个人像夜里交错而过的船，他们只短时间见面一两次，然后就不再相遇）verb transitive usually + adverb or preposition 
 ADVANCED  (-pp-)
■to send something, usually a large object or a large quantity of objects or people, to a place far away    运输，运送
We ship books out to New York every month.   我们每个月都有书运往纽约。verb transitive usually + adverb or preposition 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] ship sb off informal 
■to send someone away somewhere    送走某人
The children were shipped off to their grandparents' house for the holidays.   孩子们被送到祖父母家度假。




★☆☆   shipboard
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■happening or used on a ship    发生在船上的；船用的
a shipboard romance   船上恋情
a shipboard transmitter   舰载发射机



★☆☆   shipbuilder
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person or company that builds ships    造船工人；造船公司



★☆☆   shipmate
—————————————————
noun countable 
■A sailor's shipmate is another sailor who works on the same ship as they do.    同船水手，同船船员



★☆☆   shipment
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a large amount of goods sent together to a place, or the act of sending them    运输的货物；运输；装运
A shipment of urgent medical supplies is expected to arrive very soon.   一批急需的药品预计很快就到。



★☆☆   shipper
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually plural 
■a person or company whose job is to organize the sending of goods from one place to another    发货人，托运人
wine shippers   酒类托运公司



