★☆☆   stallholder
—————————————————
UK US mainly UK 
noun countable 
■a person who rents or owns a stall in a market    摊贩；经营摊位者



★☆☆   stallion
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an adult male horse which is used for breeding    种马    Compare mare



★☆☆   stalwart
—————————————————
UK adjective 
LOYAL  忠诚的  
■loyal, especially for a long time; able to be trusted    忠实的，忠诚的；可靠的
She has been a stalwart supporter of the party for many years.   她多年来一直是该党的忠实支持者。UK adjective 
STRONG  强壮的     formal 
■(especially of a person) physically strong 
  （尤指人）强壮的，健壮的UK noun countable 
■a person who has been loyal for a long time    忠诚的人，忠贞分子
Let me introduce Bob, one of the club's stalwarts.   我来介绍一下鲍勃，俱乐部的忠贞分子之一。



★☆☆   stamen
—————————————————
 (plural stamens or stamina)    specialized 
noun countable 
■the male reproductive part of a flower, consisting of a thin stem which holds an anther 
  （花的）雄蕊



★☆☆   stamina
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the physical and/or mental strength to do something which might be difficult and which will take a long time    耐力；耐性；持久力
The triathlon is a great test of stamina.   三项全能运动是对耐力的极大考验。



★☆☆   stammer
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive or transitive 
■to speak or say something with unusual pauses or repeated sounds, either because of speech problems or because of fear and anxiety    口吃；结结巴巴地说
[+ speech] "Wh-when can we g-go?" she stammered.   “我们甚……甚么时候能……能走？”她结结巴巴地说道。
He dialled 999 and stammered (out) his name and address.   他拨了999，结结巴巴地报出了自己的名字和地址。    Compare stutter



★☆☆   stammerer
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who stammers    口吃者，说话结结巴巴的人



★☆☆   stamp
—————————————————
noun 
LETTER  信函  
 ESSENTIAL  countable (formal postage stamp) 
■a small piece of paper with a picture or pattern on it which is stuck onto a letter or parcel before it is posted to show that postage has been paid for    邮票
I stuck a 50p stamp on the envelope.   我在信封上贴了一枚50便士的邮票。
countable UK 
■A stamp is also a small piece of paper worth a particular amount of money which you can buy repeatedly as a way of paying for something over a period of time    印花（税票）
vehicle licence stamps   机动车牌照印花税票noun 
MARK  标记  
countable 
■a tool for putting a mark on an object either by printing on it or pushing into it, or the mark made in this way    印，戳，章；印记，戳记
A date stamp inside the front cover of a library book shows when it should be returned.   图书馆藏书封面背部上的日期戳标明了应还书日期。noun 
QUALITY  特性  
uncountable 
■a particular quality in something or someone, or a quality in something which shows it was done by a particular person or group of people    标记，特征；痕迹，烙印
Although this painting clearly bears the stamp of genius, we don't know who painted it.   虽然这幅画明显是天才之作，但我们却不知其出自谁手。
Each manager has left his or her own stamp on the way the company has evolved.   每一位经理都在公司的发展道路上留下了自己的印记。noun 
FOOT  脚  
countable 
■an act of putting the foot down on the ground hard, or the noise made in doing so 
  （常指为表示生气）跺（脚）；重踏，重踩
With a stamp of her foot she stormed out.   她一跺脚，冲了出去。verb 
MARK  标记  
 ADVANCED  transitive 
■to put a mark on an object either by printing on it or pushing into it with a small tool    盖印；印上标记
It is necessary to stamp your passport.   护照上必须盖章。
Every carton of yoghurt is stamped with a sell-by date.   每盒酸乳酪上都盖有最迟销售日期。verb 
MOVE FOOT  脚的动作  
intransitive or transitive (US also stomp) 
■to put a foot down on the ground hard and quickly, making a loud noise, often to show anger 
  （常指为表示生气）跺（脚）；重踏，重踩
The little boy was stamping his foot and refusing to take his medicine.   那个小男孩跺着脚不肯吃药。
She stood by the road, stamping her feet to stay warm.   她站在路边，跺着脚让自己暖和些。
I wish those people upstairs would stop stamping (about/around).   我希望楼上那些人别再乱跺脚了。
Why did you stamp on that insect?   你为甚么要踩那只虫子？    Compare stompverb 
SHOW QUALITY  标示素质  
transitive 
■to mark with a particular quality or show that someone has a particular quality    归类；分类
Our new administrator seems to be trying to stamp her authority on every aspect of the department.   我们的新主管似乎想在部门每个层面上都施展她的权威。verb 
stamped on sb's memory 
■If a particular event, etc. is stamped on someone's memory, the person will always remember it    铭刻于（某人）的记忆中
The awful sound of the crash will be stamped on her memory forever.   撞车时那可怕的声音将永远留在她的记忆中。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   stamp on sth 
■to use force to stop or prevent something that you consider to be wrong or harmful    压制；镇压
Any opposition to the new government was immediately stamped on by the army.   对新政府的任何反抗都立即被军队镇压了下去。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] stamp sth out 
■to get rid of something that is wrong or harmful    消除，消灭
The new legislation is intended to stamp out child prostitution.   新的立法旨在消除雏妓问题。




★☆☆   stamped addressed envelope
—————————————————
(also sae) 
noun countable 
■an envelope with a stamp and your name and address on it, which you send inside another envelope to an organization when you want a reply 
  （写有自己姓名和地址、贴有邮票的）回邮信封



★☆☆   stampede
—————————————————
noun countable 
■when many large animals or many people suddenly all move quickly and in an uncontrolled way, usually in the same direction at the same time, especially because of fear 
  （尤指兽群或人群因恐惧引发的）狂奔；奔逃，蜂拥
Two shoppers were injured in the stampede as shop doors opened on the first day of the sale.   大特价的第一天商店开门时，人们蜂拥而入，导致两名顾客受伤。verb intransitive or transitive 
■when animals or people stampede, they all move quickly in the same direction, often because they are frightened    惊逃；逃窜（人或动物向同一个方面快速移动，常常是受惊吓所致）
A loud clap of thunder made the herd stampede.   一声响雷使牛群受惊狂奔起来。
figurative No amount of pressure will stampede (= force) this committee into making hasty decisions.   再大的压力也无法迫使该委员会草率作出决定。



★☆☆   stamping ground
—————————————————
informal 
noun countable 
■a place or area which someone is very familiar with and where they like to spend time    常去的地方；爱去的地方
Do you ever go back to any of our old stamping grounds?   你有没有再去过那些我们以前常去的地方？



★☆☆   stance
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
OPINION  观点  
 ADVANCED  
■a way of thinking about something, especially expressed in a publicly stated opinion 
  （尤指公开表明的）观点，立场
The doctor's stance on the issue of abortion is well known.   这位医生在堕胎问题上的立场众人皆知。UK noun countable 
POSITION  姿势  
■a particular way of standing    站立姿势
Jenny took up a stance with her feet slightly apart, ready to catch the ball.   珍妮两脚稍稍分开站好了姿势，准备接球。



★☆☆   stanch
—————————————————
verb transitive    US for 
■staunch (STOP) .



★☆☆   stanchion
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a fixed vertical bar or pole used as a support for something 
  （用于支撑的）支柱，杆



★☆☆   stand
—————————————————
verb (stood, stood)
VERTICAL  直立的  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to be in a vertical state or to put into a vertical state, especially (of a person or animal) by straightening the legs 
  （使）直立；（使）站立；竖放；（尤指）站起来
Granny says if she stands (up) for a long time her ankles hurt.   奶奶说她站久了脚踝会痛。
As a sign of politeness you should stand (up) when she comes in.   她进来时你应该站起来以示礼貌
Stand still and be quiet!   站好了，不要出声！
After the earthquake not a single building was left standing in the village.   地震之后，村子里所有的房子都倒了。
Stand the bottles on the table over there.   把瓶子放在那边的桌子上。verb (stood, stood)
STATE  状态  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive [L only + adj] 
■to be in, cause to be in or get into a particular state or situation 
  （使）处于，进入（特定状态或境况）
How do you think your chances stand (= are) of being offered the job?   你认为你得到那份工作的机会有多大？
The national debt stands at fifty-five billion dollars.   国家债务达550亿美元。
The house stood empty for years.   这栋房子空置多年了。
Martina is currently standing second in the world listings.   马丁纳目前世界排名第二。
[+ to infinitive] Our firm stands to lose (= will lose) a lot of money if the deal is unsuccessful.   如果这笔交易不成的话，我们公司会损失一大笔钱。
We really can't allow the current situation to stand (= to exist in its current form).   我们确实不能允许目前的状况再继续下去了。
Newton's laws of mechanics stood (= were thought to be completely true) for over two hundred years.   牛顿力学定律曾经无人撼动达200多年之久。
Mix one sachet of paste into two litres of water, then leave the mixture to stand (= do not touch it) for at least fifteen minutes before use.   将一小袋面糊加入两升水调匀，然后静置至少15分钟待用。
It would be difficult for her to stand much lower/higher in my opinion (= for me to have a worse/better opinion of her) after the way she behaved at the party.   她在派对上的表现让我对她的印象不能再差／再好了。
formal You stand accused of murder, how do you plead?   你被控谋杀，你如何申辩？
stand trial 
■to be put on trial in a court of law    受审
Two other men are to stand trial next month for their part in the bombing.   另外两名男子因涉嫌参与这宗爆炸案将于下个月接受审判。verb (stood, stood)
PLACE  放  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive [usually + adv/prep] 
■to be in, cause to be in or put into a particular place    在；位于；放
The room was empty except for a wardrobe standing in one corner.   房间里除了墙角有个衣柜外，别无他物。
Stand the paintings against the wall while we decide where to hang them.   先把画靠墙放好，我们来看看挂在哪里好。
The photograph shows the happy couple standing beside a banana tree.   照片上那对幸福的夫妇站在香蕉树旁。
intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■Vehicles that are standing are waiting 
  （车辆）停，停靠
The train now standing at platform 8 is the 15.17 for Oxford.   现在停靠在八号月台的是15点17分开往牛津的列车。verb (stood, stood)
ACCEPT  接受  
 IMPROVER  transitive usually in negatives 
■to successfully accept or bear something which is unpleasant or difficult    承受住，经受住
I can't stand her voice.   我受不了她的声音。
Our tent won't stand another storm like the last one.   我们的帐篷承受不起像上次那样的风暴了。
[+ -ing verb] I can't stand hearing her cry.   我受不了听她哭。verb (stood, stood)
POLITICS  政治  
intransitive UK (mainly US run) 
■to compete, especially in an election, for an official position    参加竞选
The president has announced she does not intend to stand for re-election.   总统宣布她无意参加竞选寻求连任。verb (stood, stood)
stand a chance 
■to have a chance of success    有成功的希望
She stands a good chance of passing her exam if she works hard.   她努力学习的话，通过考试的希望很大。verb (stood, stood)
HEIGHT  高度  
[L only + noun] 
■to be a stated height    高度为，高达
Even without his shoes he stood over two metres tall.   即便不穿鞋，他身高也超过了两公尺。verb (stood, stood)
BUY  买  
transitive + two objects 
■to buy something, especially a meal or a drink, for someone    请（某人）客；请（某人）吃饭
I couldn't get to the bank, so could you stand me lunch?   我没办法去银行，你能请我吃午饭吗？verb (stood, stood)
OPINION  立场  
intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to have as an opinion    想，认为；有…观点或看法
How/Where does he stand on foreign policy issues?   他在外交政策问题上是甚么立场？verb (stood, stood)
can't stand the sight of sb/sth 
■to hate someone or something    受不了，见不得；讨厌
Aunt Gloria can't stand the sight of cats.   格洛丽亚阿姨一看到猫就受不了。verb (stood, stood)
from where sb stands 
■being in a particular position and having your particular experience, beliefs and responsibilities    从（某人）的立场来看，站在（某人）的立场上
You can see why they refused her demand for a pay rise, but from where she stands it probably seemed perfectly reasonable to ask.   你能明白他们为甚么拒绝她加薪的要求，但从她的立场来看，提出这个要求似乎是完全合理的。verb (stood, stood)
I stand corrected. formal 
■used to admit that something you have said or done was wrong    我承认错了
I stand corrected - the date of foundation was 1411, and not 1412 as I had written.   我弄错了——创立的年代是1411年，而不是我写的1412年。verb (stood, stood)
it stands to reason 
■said when something is obvious or clear from the facts    不言而喻，显而易见
If 20% of the Earth's population has 80% of its resources, then it stands to reason that 80% of the population has only 20% of the resources.   如果地球上20%的人口占有了80%的资源，那么不言而喻地，80%的人口只拥有20%的资源。verb (stood, stood)
know where you stand 
■to know what your opinion or situation is    知道自己的立场；清楚自己的情况
I know where I stand on this issue - I'm against the war.   我很清楚自己在这个问题上的立场——我反对战争。
When we've paid all our debts we'll know where we stand.   等我们偿清债务后，就清楚自己的情况如何了。verb (stood, stood)
stand (up) and be counted 
■to make your opinions known even if doing so might cause you harm or difficulty 
  （不顾后果）公开表明立场
Those who did have the courage to stand up and be counted were arrested and imprisoned.   那些有勇气站出来表明自己立场的人都被捕入狱了。verb (stood, stood)
stand your ground 
■to refuse to be pushed backwards, or to continue in your beliefs in an argument    坚守阵地；坚持立场，拒不让步
The battalion stood its ground in the face of repeated attacks.   这个营面对一轮轮进攻始终坚守阵地。
Clare stood her ground in the meeting and refused to be intimidated even when Michael got angry.   克莱尔在会上坚持她自己的立场，即使麦克生气也绝不退让。verb (stood, stood)
stand sb in good stead 
■If an experience stands a person in good stead, it is or will be of great use to them 
  （经历）对（某人）很有用，对（某人）大有好处
Getting some work experience now will stand you in good stead (for) when you apply for a permanent job.   现在积累些工作经验，等到应征正职时会大有裨益。verb (stood, stood)
stand sth on its head 
■If something new stands something established on its head, then the truth of the established thing or the beliefs on which it is based are doubted    使（已确立的事物）发生动摇，动摇…的根基
New data has stood the traditional explanation of the island's origin on its head.   新的资料撼动了关于该岛起源的传统说法。verb (stood, stood)
Stand and deliver! 
■said in the past by highwaymen when they stopped a carriage (= vehicle pulled by horses) on a road to demand objects of value from the travellers 
  （旧时拦路强盗用语）站住，留下买路财！verb (stood, stood)
stand bail 
■to pay money temporarily to a court so that someone can be released from prison until the date of their trial    保释，缴纳保释金
She can't be released from police custody until someone stands bail for her.   必须在有人为她缴纳了保释金之后，警方才能解除对她的羁押。verb (stood, stood)
stand fast/firm 
■to be determined    下定决心
Stand firm on your decision and you're more likely to get the result you want.   坚持你的决定，你才更有可能得到想要的结果。§/st&#xE6;nd/


stand 1	 verb (stood, stood)
stand in the way of sth/sb (also stand in sb's way) 
■to try to stop or prevent    试图阻止，力图阻挠
You know I won't stand in your way if you want to apply for a job abroad.   我跟你说，如果你想应征国外的工作，我是不会阻拦你的。verb (stood, stood)
stand on your dignity usually disapproving 
■to demand to be shown the respect which you think you deserve    要求受到自认应有的礼遇，摆架子
The Director didn't stand on her dignity; she helped clear up after the party.   主管没有摆架子，派对后她也跟着帮忙收拾东西。verb (stood, stood)
stand on your hands/head 
■to support yourself only on your hands, or only on your head and hands, with your feet up as high as possible    手倒立／头手倒立verb (stood, stood)
stand on your own (two) feet informal 
■to be able to provide all of the things you need for living without help from anyone else    自立，自食其力
She'll have to get a job and learn to stand on her own two feet sooner or later.   她迟早得找份工作，学会自食其力。verb (stood, stood)
stand on ceremony 
■to behave in a formal way    讲究礼节；拘礼
Please sit down and make yourself comfortable, we don't stand on ceremony here.   请坐，随便一点，我们这里不必拘礼。verb (stood, stood)
stand or fall by sth 
■to depend completely on something for success    成败完全取决于verb (stood, stood)
stand the test of time 
■If something stands the test of time, it is still popular, strong, etc. after a long time    禁得起时间的考验
Which songs from the last year will stand the test of time?   去年有哪些歌将禁得起时间的考验呢？verb (stood, stood)
standing on your head informal 
■If someone can do something standing on their head, they can do it very easily    轻而易举，易如反掌
It's the sort of program Andrew could write standing on his head.   写这种程式对于安德鲁而言是易如反掌。verb (stood, stood)
  Phrasal Verbs   stand about/around 
■to spend time standing somewhere and doing very little    无所事事地站着
We stood around in the cold for about an hour, waiting for the demo to start.   我们在严寒中枯站了约一个小时等示范表演开始。verb (stood, stood)
  Phrasal Verbs   stand aside 
■to leave a job or position so that someone else can have it instead    让位，退居一旁
It's time he stood aside and let a more qualified person do the job.   他该让位了，让更称职的人来做这份工作。
■slightly formal 
■to step sideways to make a space for someone else    让开，闪开
Stand aside, please, so the doctor can get through.   请靠边站，让医生过去。verb (stood, stood)
  Phrasal Verbs   stand back 
 ADVANCED  
■to move a short distance away from something or someone    退后，往后站
Please stand back - then all of you will be able to see what I'm doing.   请往后站——这样你们就都能看清我的动作了。verb (stood, stood)
  Phrasal Verbs   stand by sb 
■to continue to support or help someone who is in a difficult situation    站在（某人）一边，继续支持（或帮助）
She has vowed to stand by her husband during his trial.   她发誓在丈夫受审期间会一直支持他。verb (stood, stood)
  Phrasal Verbs   stand by 
BE READY  
 ADVANCED  
■to be waiting and ready to do something or to help    做好准备（行动或提供帮助）
Cabin crew, please stand by for takeoff.   机组人员，请做好起飞准备。
⇨ See also standby
DO NOTHING  
■to allow something unpleasant to happen without doing anything to stop it    袖手旁观
We can't stand by while millions of people starve.   数百万人在忍饥挨饿，我们不能袖手旁观。
⇨ See also bystanderverb (stood, stood)
  Phrasal Verbs   stand by sth 
■to continue doing what you said you would when you made a decision, agreement or promise    继续遵守，信守（决定、协定或承诺）
Despite its financial problems, the company is standing by the no-redundancy agreement.   公司尽管遇到了财务问题，但仍然信守不裁员的协定。
■to continue to believe that something you have said before is still true    仍然坚信，坚持（先前的说法）
I stand by the statement I made earlier - there is no reason for the minister to resign.   我坚持早些时候的表态——部长没有理由必须辞职。verb (stood, stood)
  Phrasal Verbs   stand clear 
■to move a short distance away from something so that you are safe    闪开
"Stand clear!" shouted the policewoman, "It might fall any minute."   “闪开！”女警官大吼道，“它随时都可能倒下。”verb (stood, stood)
  Phrasal Verbs   stand down UK 
■to give up your official job or position    离职，退职；下台
He's decided to stand down after fifteen years as managing director.   当了15年总经理后，他决定退位。verb (stood, stood)
  Phrasal Verbs   stand for sth 
ACCEPT  
 ADVANCED  
■If you will not stand for something, you will not accept a situation or a particular type of behaviour    容忍，忍受
I wouldn't stand for that sort of behaviour from him, if I were you.   我要是你的话，就不会容忍他那样的行为。
REPRESENT  
 ADVANCED  
■to support or represent a particular idea or set of ideas    支持，主张；代表
This party stands for low taxes and individual freedom.   这个政党支持低税率，主张个人自由。
 ADVANCED  
■If one or more letters stand for a word or name, they are the first letter or letters of that word or name and they represent it 
  （字母）是…的缩写，代表
'GMT' stands for Greenwich Mean Time.   GMT 是 Greenwich Mean Time（格林威治标准时间）的缩写。verb (stood, stood)
  Phrasal Verbs   stand in (US usually fill in) 
■to do the job that another person was going to do or usually does, or to take their place at an event, because they cannot be there    顶替，代替
Paula stood in for Jane, while Jane was on holiday.   简休假期间，宝拉接替了她的工作。verb (stood, stood)
  Phrasal Verbs   stand out 
■to be very noticeable    显眼，突出
The black lettering really stands out on that orange background.   黑色的字体在橙色的背景下非常醒目。
■to be much better than other similar things or people    出众
We had lots of good applicants for the job, but one stood out from the rest.   我们这个职位有很多不错的应征者，但有一个人相当出众。verb (stood, stood)
  Phrasal Verbs   stand out against sth/sb 
■to openly oppose something or someone    公开反对
More and more people are standing out against what is a very unpopular piece of legislation.   越来越多的人站出来反对一项非常不得人心的法案。verb (stood, stood)
  Phrasal Verbs   stand over sb 
■to stand close to someone and watch what they are doing    就近从旁观察（某人）做事
Don't stand over me all the time - it makes me nervous.   别一直站在旁边盯着我——搞得我神经紧张。verb (stood, stood)
  Phrasal Verbs   stand together 
■If a group of people stand together on a particular matter, they agree strongly about it and take action together about it.    团结一致verb (stood, stood)
  Phrasal Verbs   stand up 
■If an idea or some information stands up, it is proved to be true or correct 
  （观点或资讯）站得住脚，验证属实
Their evidence will never stand up in court.   他们的证据在法庭上根本站不住脚。
Their argument won't stand up to detailed criticism (= when it is studied critically).   他们的论点禁不起仔细推敲。verb (stood, stood)
  Phrasal Verbs   [usually passive] stand sb up informal 
■to intentionally fail to meet someone when you said you would, especially someone you were starting to have a romantic relationship with    故意对（某人，尤指刚开始相处的恋人）失约，放（某人）的鸽子
I don't know if I've been stood up or if she's just late - I'll wait another half hour.   我不知道她是故意放我的鸽子，还是只是迟到了——我会再等半个小时。verb (stood, stood)
  Phrasal Verbs   stand up for sth/sb (also stick up for sth/sb)


stand 2	 ADVANCED  
* to defend or support a particular idea or a person who is being criticized or attacked    支持，维护（想法、遭受指责或攻击的人）
It's high time we all stood up for our rights around here.   我们大家现在亟须行动起来，维护我们在这里的权利。
[R] Don't be bullied, learn to stand up for yourself and what you believe in.   不要任人欺侮，要学会捍卫自己的权利和信仰。verb (stood, stood)
  Phrasal Verbs   stand up to sb/sth 
 ADVANCED  
■to defend yourself against a powerful person or organization when they treat you unfairly    面对（强有力的人或组织）勇敢抵抗，奋起反抗…的不公平对待
He wasn't afraid to stand up to bullies.   他毫不惧怕，勇敢地对抗恶霸。verb (stood, stood)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] stand up to sth 
■to not be changed or damaged by something    经得起，承受得住
Will the lorries stand up to the journey over rough roads?   那些卡车能经得起旅途的颠簸吗？noun 
SPORT  体育  
countable UK 
■a large structure at a sports ground, usually with a sloping floor and sometimes a roof, where people either stand or sit to watch a sports event    看台    Compare grandstand 
stands [plural] 
■a stand 
Fighting broke out in the stands five minutes before the end of the match.   比赛结束前五分钟看台上发生了打斗。noun 
OPINION  观点  
countable 
■an opinion, especially one which is public 
  （尤指公开的）观点，立场，态度
What's her stand on sexual equality?   她对男女平等持甚么态度？noun 
COURT  法庭  
countable US for 
■witness box 
The witness took the stand (= went to the place in a court where you stand and answer questions).   目击者出庭作证。noun 
SHOP  商店  
countable 
■a small shop or stall or an area where products can be shown, usually outside or in a large public building, at which people can buy things or get information    货摊；摊位；展台
a hotdog stand   热狗摊
Over three thousand companies will have stands at this year's microelectronics exhibition.   今年的微电子产品展览会上将会有3000多家公司参展。
⇨ See also newsstandnoun 
FRAME  框架  
countable 
■a frame or piece of furniture for supporting or putting things on 
  （支撑或摆放物品的）架，座，台
a music stand   乐谱架
a hatstand   衣帽架noun 
OPPOSITION  反对  
countable usually singular 
■an act of opposition, especially in defence    反对；抵抗，抵制；（尤指）捍卫
Environmental groups are making a stand against the new road through the valley.   环保团体正在采取行动，反对修建穿过山谷的新公路。
⇨ See also stand out againstnoun 
PERFORMANCES  表演  
countable usually singular US 
■a particular number or period of performances    停留演出
The Orioles will be in town for a three-game stand.   黄鹂队将来城里进行三场比赛。



★☆☆   stand-alone
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■Something, such as a computer or a business, which is stand-alone can operate on its own without needing help from another similar thing. 
  （电脑、企业等）独立的，独立运作的



★☆☆   standard
—————————————————
UK noun 
QUALITY  品质  
 ESSENTIAL  countable or uncountable 
■a level of quality    标准，水准，水准
This essay is not of an acceptable standard - do it again.   这篇文章未达标准——重新写。
This piece of work is below standard/is not up to standard.   这工作做得不合要求。
We have very high safety standards in this laboratory.   我们这个实验室有很高的安全标准。
Not everyone judges success by the same standards - some people think happiness is more important than money.   每个人衡量成功的标准不尽相同——有些人认为快乐比金钱更重要。
Her technique became a standard against which all future methods were compared.   她的技术成了后来所有方法的比照标准。
 ADVANCED  countable usually plural 
■a moral rule which should be obeyed    道德准则，行为标准
Most people agree that there are standards (of behaviour) which need to be upheld, but agreeing on them is rather more difficult.   大多数人认同人们需要遵守一定的（行为）准则，但要就这些准则达成共识却难得多。UK noun 
USUAL  通常的  
countable usually singular 
■a pattern or model that is generally accepted    通用模式
This program is an industry standard for computers.   这个程式是电脑的一个行业标准。
countable 
■a song or other piece of music which has been popular and often played over a long period of time 
  （经常演唱或演奏的）标准曲目，保留曲目UK noun 
CAR  汽车  
countable US 
■a car with gears that are changed by hand    手排汽车UK noun 
FLAG  旗  
countable 
■a flag, especially a long narrow one ending with two long points    旗；（尤指）末端有两个尖的窄长旗
the royal standard   王室旗UK adjective 
 IMPROVER  
■usual rather than special, especially when thought of as being correct or acceptable    标准的；规范的；通常的
White is the standard colour for this model of refrigerator.   白色是这种型号的冰箱的标准色。
These are standard procedures for handling radioactive waste.   这些是处理放射性废料的标准程式。
The metre is the standard unit for measuring length in the SI system.   公尺是国际单位制中衡量长度的标准单位。
mainly UK Your new TV comes with a two year guarantee as standard.   你的新电视机按照行业规范附有两年的保修服务。
⇨ See also substandard
■Language described as standard is the form of that language which is considered acceptable and correct by most educated users of it 
  （语言）标准的，规范的
Most announcers on the BBC speak standard English.   英国广播公司的大多数播音员说的都是标准英语。
In Standard American , 'gotten' is used as a past participle of 'get'.   在标准的美国英语中，get 的过去分词为 gotten。
[before noun] 
■A standard book or writer is the one that is most commonly read for information on a particular subject 
  （书或作者）权威性的
Her book is still a standard text in archaeology, even though it was written more than twenty years ago.   虽然她的著作成书于20多年前，但时至今日仍被奉为考古学的权威读本。



★☆☆   standard-bearer
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the person or thing that seems to lead a group of people having similar ideas or moral opinions    旗手，领袖
Mr Everhart wants Caltech to be the standard-bearer for excellence in scientific research of all kinds.   艾弗哈特先生想使加州理工学院成为各项科学研究的翘楚。



★☆☆   standardize
—————————————————
(UK usually standardise) UK verb transitive 
■to make things of the same type all have the same basic features    使标准化，使合乎标准
We standardize parts such as rear-view mirrors, so that one type will fit any model of car we make.   我们对后视镜之类的零件进行标准化生产，这样只要一种型号便能搭配我们所有款式的汽车了。



★☆☆   standard lamp
—————————————————
UK (US floor lamp) 
noun countable 
■an electric light supported by a tall pole which is fixed to a base that rests on the floor of a room    落地灯



★☆☆   standard of living
—————————————————
(also living standard) 
noun countable usually singular 
■the amount of money and comfort people have in a particular society    生活水准
The standard of living in many developing countries is low.   许多开发中国家的生活水准很低。    Compare cost of living



★☆☆   standard operating procedure
—————————————————
(abbreviation SOP) US 
noun uncountable 
■the usual way of doing something    标准操作程式
Checking references before we lend money is standard operating procedure.   发放贷款之前查核证明档是标准作业程式。



★☆☆   standard time 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■In a country or a part of a country, standard time is the time which is officially used.    标准时间    Compare Greenwich Mean Time



★☆☆   standby
—————————————————
 (plural standbys)
noun countable 
READY  备用  
■something which is always ready for use, especially if a regular one fails 
  （尤指为应付出现故障时的）备用设备，备用品，替代物
Board games are a good standby to keep the children amused if the weather is bad.   天气不好时，棋类游戏是个不错的哄孩子们开心的备用选择。
There are standby generators but these usually only have to work for a few hours a year during power cuts.   有备用发电机，不过通常一年只在断电时使用几个小时。
on standby 
■When a person or a thing is on standby, they are ready to be used if necessary    待命；备用；随时准备
Hospitals are on standby ready to deal with casualties from the crash.   医院随时准备接受撞车事故的伤患。 (plural standbys)
noun countable 
TICKET  票     (also standby ticket) 
■a cheap ticket sold just before a flight or a performance if there is a seat available 
  （航班起飞前或演出开始前廉价出售的）余票



★☆☆   stand-in
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person who takes the place or does the job of another person for a short time, for example because the other person is ill or on holiday 
  （临时的）顶替者，代替者
The lecturer didn't turn up, so we had to find a stand-in.   演讲者没来，因此我们得找个人临时顶替。



★☆☆   standing
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
REPUTATION  声誉  
 ADVANCED  
■reputation, rank or position in an area of activity, system or organization    声誉，名声；级别；地位
As a pathologist of considerable standing, his opinion will have a lot of influence.   作为具有相当声望的病理学家，他的意见举足轻重。
A financial scandal would shake the Institute's standing in the international academic community.   一桩财务丑闻会动摇此机构在国际学术界的地位。noun uncountable 
TIME  时间     slightly formal 
■the time for which something has existed    存在时间；持续时间
One member, of twelve years' standing on the committee, resigned in protest at the changes.   一名在委员会中任职12年的委员辞职以示对变革的抗议。
⇨ See also long-standingadjective [before noun] 
■permanent, rather than formed or created when necessary    永久的，长期的；常设的
a standing committee   常委会
You know you have a standing invitation to come and stay anytime you're in town.   跟你说，你任何时候到城里来，都欢迎来住。adjective [before noun] 
from a standing start 
■from not moving    从静止状态
This car can reach 60mph from a standing start in six seconds.   这辆轿车能在六秒钟内从静止状态加速到每小时60哩。



★☆☆   standing joke 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■something which a particular group of people are familiar with and laugh about often, especially in an unkind way    长期的笑柄；（尤指恶意的）经常拿来取笑的事
The fact that Debbie is always late has become a standing joke among her friends.   黛比老是迟到的事已沦为朋友间的一个笑柄。



★☆☆   standing order
—————————————————
UK 
noun countable 
■an instruction to a bank to pay a particular amount of money at regular times from a person's bank account to another bank account 
  （客户向银行下达的）定期付款，按期付款委托书    Compare direct debit



★☆☆   standing ovation 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■when the people in an audience stand up to clap at the end of a performance or speech because they liked it very much 
  （表演或演讲结束时的）起立欢呼，起立鼓掌
She received a standing ovation at the end of her speech.   她的讲话结束时听众们起立欢呼。



★☆☆   standing room 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■space in a sports ground, theatre, bus, etc. where people can stand, especially if all of the seats have people sitting in them 
  （体育场、剧院、公车等中，尤指座位已满时的）站立空间，站立位置
All the seats were gone, so there was standing room only.   当时座位票已全部售完，只剩站票了。



★☆☆   standoff
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a situation in which agreement in an argument does not seem possible; stalemate    僵局，僵持局面



★☆☆   standoffish
—————————————————
UK  US informal disapproving 
adjective 
■behaving in a slightly unfriendly and too formal way    冷淡的，疏远的



★☆☆   standout
—————————————————
 US 
noun countable 
■an excellent or the best example of something    突出的事物，出众的事物
While all the desserts are pretty good, the clear standout is the lemon pie.   所有的甜点都很不错，不过柠檬派显然最受欢迎。



★☆☆   standpipe
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a vertical pipe which is connected to a water supply and provides water to a public place such as a road 
  （用于给公路等公共场所供水的）水塔，水槽



★☆☆   standpoint
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a set of beliefs and ideas from which opinions and decisions are formed    观点，立场
"I have to put aside my emotions, " he says, "and consider it from a professional standpoint."   “我必须除去个人感情，”他说，“以专业的眼光去看它。”



★☆☆   standstill
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■a condition in which all movement or activity has stopped    静止；停顿；停滞
The runaway bus eventually came to a standstill when it rolled into a muddy field.   失控的大巴士驶入了泥泞的田里，最后停了下来。
Fighting and shortages have brought normal life to a virtual standstill in the city.   战火和物资短缺使这座城市的日常生活濒临瘫痪。



★☆☆   stand-up
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
■describes comedy performed by a single person telling jokes 
  （喜剧）单人表演的，单口的
stand-up comedy   单人喜剧
a stand-up comedian   单口相声演员noun countable 
■a person who performs stand-up comedy ; a stand-up comedian    单人滑稽演员；单口相声演员



★☆☆   stank
—————————————————
verb    past simple of 
■stink 



★☆☆   Stanley knife
—————————————————
 trademark 
noun countable 
■a sharp knife with a short blade which can be replaced or put inside the handle if not being used    史坦利刀（刀刃可更换或折叠）



★☆☆   stanza
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a group of lines of poetry forming a unit; verse 
  （诗的）节，段



★☆☆   stapes
—————————————————
noun [C usually sing] (plural stapes)    specialized 
■one of three very small bones that carry sound from the eardrum to the inner ear    镫骨（三个最小的骨头之一，从耳膜携带声音到内耳中）
⇨ See also incus;malleus



★☆☆   staple
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to fasten something using staples    用钉书钉钉住
Would you mind stapling the reports together ?   你能把报告用订书机订好吗？noun countable 
WIRE  金属丝  
■a short thin piece of wire used to fasten sheets of paper together. It has sharp ends which are pushed through the paper and then bent flat by a special device.    订书针
■a U-shaped piece of metal with sharp ends which is hammered into a surface to hold something, such as a wire fence, in a particular position    U 形钉（如 U 形电线卡）noun countable 
BASIC  基本的  
■a main product or part of something    主要产品，或某物的主要部分
Shortages mean that even staples (= basic foods) like bread are difficult to find.   物资短缺意味着连面包之类的主食都难觅踪影。
Phosphate has been a staple of this area for many years.   磷酸盐多年来一直是这一地区的主要产品。
Romantic fiction and reference books are a staple of many public libraries.   言情小说和工具书是很多公共图书馆的主要藏书。adjective [before noun] 
■basic or main; standard or regular    基本的，主要的；标准的，常规的
The staple diet here is mutton, fish and boiled potatoes.   这里以羊肉、鱼和煮马铃薯为主食。
Prices of staple foods such as wheat and vegetables have also been increasing.   小麦、蔬菜等主要食品的价格也一直在上涨。
Her latest film is the staple offering of action and comedy which we have come to expect.   她的最新影片，如同我们所预料的一样，又是一贯的动作加喜剧。



★☆☆   staple-gun
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a tool which you hold in your hand and use to push staples into a surface    U 形钉枪



★☆☆   stapler
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a small device which you can hold in your hand or use on a table to push staples through pieces of paper    订书机



★☆☆   star
—————————————————
UK noun 
OBJECT IN SPACE  太空中的物体  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a very large ball of burning gas in space which is usually seen from Earth as a point of light in the sky at night    恒星；星
Stars twinkled above them as they lay on the hill.   他们躺在小山上，头顶上繁星闪烁。UK noun 
PERFORMER  表演者  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a very famous, successful and important person, especially a performer such as a musician, actor or sports player    明星
a rock/movie/football star   摇滚歌星／影星／足球明星
Kids wanting to be stars come to Hollywood from all over America.   想当明星的年轻人从美国各地来到好莱坞。
⇨ See also co-star;superstarUK noun 
SYMBOL  符号  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■a symbol with four or more points    星形；星状物
star-shaped   星形的
How many stars (= symbols showing quality) has this restaurant got?   这家餐厅是几星级的？
The teacher gave Atticus a gold star (= paper symbol rewarding good work) for his drawing.   老师给了阿蒂科斯一颗金星，表扬他的画画得好。
countable 
■a symbol made of metal or cloth worn by particular officials to show their rank 
  （表示军衔的）星章
a sheriff's star   警长的星章
a four-star general   四星上将
countable 
■an asterisk (= a symbol *)    星号UK noun 
LUCK  运气  
countable informal 
■any planet or other object in the sky thought of in astrology as influencing a person's luck    星宿，星相，命星（占星术中认为影响个人运气的星体）
She was born under a lucky/an unlucky star.   她生来命就好／不好。
⇨ See also star sign
stars [plural] informal 
■horoscope 
I always like to see what the stars say in the newspaper.   我总是喜欢看报纸的星座版说些甚么。UK noun 
You're a star! informal 
■something you say to someone when they have been kind and helpful to you 
  （表示感激某人）你真是个大好人！UK verb intransitive + prep transitive (-rr-)
 IMPROVER  
■If a film, play, etc. stars someone, or if someone stars in a film, play, etc., they are the main actor in it 
  （电影、戏剧等）由（某人）担任主演；主演，担任主角
Ben Kingsley starred in the film 'Gandhi'.   班•金斯利主演了电影《甘地》。
Fowles's novel 'The French Lieutenant's Woman' was turned into a film starring Meryl Streep.   福尔斯的小说《法国中尉的女人》被改编成电影，由梅莉•史翠普领衔主演。UK adjective [before noun] informal 
■best or most important    最好的，最出色的；最重要的
Natalie is, without a doubt, the star student in this year's ballet class.   毫无疑问，纳塔莉是今年芭蕾班中最出色的学员。
This afternoon the prosecution will call its star witness.   今天下午控方将传召其最重要的证人。



★☆☆   starboard
—————————————————
UK US  specialized 
noun uncountable 
■the right side of a ship or aircraft as you are facing forward 
  （船舶或飞机的）右舷，右侧    Opposite port



★☆☆   starch
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
FOOD  食物  
■a white substance which exists in large amounts in potatoes and particular grains such as rice    淀粉
Corn starch is used as a thickener in stews.   玉米淀粉在炖煮的菜肴中当作增稠剂。    Compare carbohydrateUK noun uncountable 
CLOTH  布料  
■a white substance from potatoes and particular grains which is used to make cloth stiff 
  （使布料笔挺的）淀粉浆UK verb transitive 
■to make clothes stiff by washing them with starch    上浆（用淀粉浆硬衣服）
She wore a starched white apron over her black dress.   她在黑色连衣裙外套了件浆过的白色围裙。



★☆☆   star chamber
—————————————————
mainly UK formal disapproving 
noun countable 
■a court or other group which meets privately and makes judgments which can be severe 
  （私自集会并作出严厉判决的）星法院；专断暴虐的团体



★☆☆   starchily
—————————————————
UK adverb informal disapproving 
■in a formal way and without humour    刻板的，拘谨的



★☆☆   starchy
—————————————————
UK adjective 
FORMAL  正式的     informal disapproving 
■behaving in a formal way and without humour    刻板的，拘谨的
Science museums have tried to shake off their somewhat starchy image by mounting exhibitions designed to draw in the crowds.   为了摆脱其或多或少有点刻板的形象，科学博物馆试图透过举办展览，旨在吸引大众。UK adjective 
FOOD  食物  
■containing a lot of starch    淀粉的
starchy foods   含淀粉的食物



★☆☆   star-crossed
—————————————————
UK US  literary 
adjective 
■unlucky    不幸的，倒楣的
star-crossed lovers   命运多舛的恋人



★☆☆   stardom
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■fame    名声，声誉
From childhood, Britney Spears seemed destined for stardom.   从童年起，小甜甜布兰妮似乎就注定了会大红大紫。



★☆☆   stardust
—————————————————
UK US  literary 
noun uncountable 
■(something which causes) a pleasant dream-like or romantic feeling    梦幻；浪漫的感觉；引起梦幻感觉之物



★☆☆   stare
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive or transitive 
 ADVANCED  
■to look for a long time with the eyes wide open, especially when surprised, frightened or thinking 
  （尤指惊讶、害怕或思考时）盯着看，凝视，注视
Don't stare at people like that, it's rude.   不要那样盯着人看，很不礼貌。
Chuck sat quietly for hours staring into the distance, thinking of what might have been.   查克静静地坐了几个钟头，凝视着远方，寻思着事情本来可能会有的另一番发展。
During the press conference, each boxer tried to stare the other down / UK alsoout (= force the other to look away by continual staring).   记者招待会上两位拳击手都瞪大双眼直视对方，想把对方压倒。UK verb intransitive or transitive 
be staring at sth 
■If you are staring at a bad situation or problem, you know you must experience it or deal with it very soon    面对，正视（糟糕的局面或问题）
By late in the first half United were staring at a seven-goal deficit and almost certain defeat.   上半场后半段联队落后七分，基本上是必输无疑了。UK verb intransitive or transitive 
stare sb in the face informal 
■If something stares someone in the face, it is very easy to see or obvious    对（某人）来说显而易见；对（某人）来说是明摆着的
The answer has been staring us in the face all along!   答案一直就摆明在我们面前！UK noun countable 
■when you look at something or someone for a long time    凝视，注视
She gave him a long stare but didn't answer his question.   她久久地凝视着他，但没有回答他的问题。



★☆☆   starfish
—————————————————
UK  US  (plural starfish or starfishes)
noun countable 
■a flat animal that lives in the sea and has five arms which grow from its body in the shape of a star    海星



★☆☆   starfruit
—————————————————
UK noun countable (also carambola) 
■a yellow tropical fruit with smooth skin and five pointed curved sections, making a star shape when you cut through it    杨桃；阳桃（一种热带黄色水果，有光滑的果皮和五个尖形屈曲段，当你切开它时即呈星形）



★☆☆   stargazer
—————————————————
UK US informal 
noun countable 
■a person who is involved in astronomy or astrology    天文学家；占星术士



★☆☆   stark
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■empty, simple or obvious, especially without decoration or anything which is not necessary; severe or extreme    赤裸的；简单的；明显的；（尤指）毫无修饰的，粗陋的；严重的；极端的
It was a stark room with its white walls, and a bed and chair as the only furniture.   这个房间很简陋，家徒四壁，仅有的家俱就是一张床和一把椅子。
The stark reality is that we are operating at a huge loss.   严酷的事实是我们的经营亏损非常严重。
In the suburbs the spacious houses stand in stark contrast to the slums of the city's poor.   郊区宽敞的大房子和城里的贫民窟形成了鲜明的对比。UK adverb 
■completely or extremely    完全地；极端地
The children were splashing in the river, stark naked.   孩子们一丝不挂地在河里玩水。
I think he's stark raving mad / UK alsostark staring mad to want to spend his holiday watching trains!   他想把整个假期都用来看火车，我认为他简直是疯了！



★☆☆   starkers
—————————————————
UK US  UK informal often humorous 
adjective [after verb] 
■naked    裸体的



★☆☆   starkly
—————————————————
UK adverb 
■very obviously and clearly    显而易见地，十分明显地
Her later sensual works contrast starkly with the harsh earlier paintings.   她后期表现情色的作品和她早期那些风格冷峻的绘画作品形成了鲜明的对比。



★☆☆   starlet
—————————————————
UK noun countable    often disapproving 
■a young female actor who hopes to be or is thought likely to be famous in the future    希望成名（或有明星相）的年轻女演员



★☆☆   starlight
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the light produced by stars    星光



★☆☆   starling
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a common bird with black or dark brown feathers which lives in large groups in many parts of the world    椋鸟



★☆☆   Star of David
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a star with six points which represents Judaism    大卫之星，六角星（犹太教的标志）



★☆☆   star quality 
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a special ability that makes someone seem very successful or better than other people    明星气质（一种特殊的能力，使某人看起来非常成功，或比其他人好）
He is a player who has the star quality to delight his fans.   他是一个运动员，具有让运动迷欢呼纳喊的明星气质。



★☆☆   starred
—————————————————
UK adjective 
SYMBOL  符号  
■with an asterisk (= the symbol *) beside them    标有星号的
The starred items on the agenda are the most important.   议程表上标有星号的事项是最重要的。UK adjective 
RANK  等级  
■A starred hotel or restaurant is one that is good enough to be ranked.    星级饭店



★☆☆   starry
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■lit by stars or shining like a star    星光照耀的；像星星一样闪亮的
a starry night/sky   繁星点点的夜晚／天空



★☆☆   starry-eyed
—————————————————
adjective 
■If a person is starry-eyed, they have a lot of thoughts and opinions which are unreasonably positive, so they do not understand things as they really are.    天真的，过分乐观的，不切实际的
It's easy to be starry-eyed about a place you've never been to.   人们很容易把从来没去过的地方想得过于美好。



★☆☆   Stars and Stripes 
—————————————————
noun 
■the US flag    星条旗，美国国旗



★☆☆   star sign 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■in astrology , any of the twelve symbols which represent parts of the zodiac    星座（黄道十二宫之一）
"What's your star sign?" "I'm a Leo."   “你是甚么星座?”“狮子座。”



★☆☆   Star-Spangled Banner
—————————————————
UK noun 
■the national anthem (= song) of the US    《星条旗之歌》，美国国歌



★☆☆   starstruck
—————————————————
UK US  often disapproving 
adjective 
■feeling great or too much respect for famous or important people, especially famous actors or performers    过分崇拜名人的；（尤指）追星的
It's the story of a starstruck young girl who goes to Hollywood to make her fortune.   这是一个追星的年轻女孩到好莱坞去寻求发迹的故事。



★☆☆   star-studded
—————————————————
UK US  informal 
adjective 
■If a group of people, a film or a show is star-studded, there are a lot of famous people in it. 
  （人群、电影或表演）明星荟萃的，众星云集的，星光熠熠的



★☆☆   start
—————————————————
UK verb 
BEGIN  开始  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to begin doing something    开始；着手
When do you start your course/your new job?   你甚么时候开始你的课程／新工作？
We'll be starting (the session) at six o'clock.   我们将在六点钟开始（议程）。
Can you start (= begin a new job) on Monday?   星期一你能开始工作吗？
[+ -ing verb] They started building the house in January.   他们一月份动工盖这栋房子。
[+ to infinitive] I'd just started to write a letter when the phone rang.   我刚开始写信，电话就响了。
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive (also start up) 
■If a business or other organization starts, or if someone starts one, it is created and starts to operate 
  （企业或其他机构）开业，开始营运；创办，开办
She started her own software company.   她创办了自己的软体公司。
A lot of new restaurants have started up in the region.   这个地区有很多家新餐馆开业。
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■to begin to happen or to make something begin to happen 
  （使）发生；（使）开始
A new series of wildlife programmes has started on Monday evenings.   一档新的野生动物节目已开始在每周一晚上播出。
Police believe the fire was started by arsonists.   警方认为这次火灾是有人蓄意纵火。
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■to begin a set of activities with the thing or person mentioned 
  （从…）开始
The speaker started with a description of her journey to China.   演讲者先分享了她的中国之行作为开场白。
Give me your answers one by one, starting with Lucy.   请一个接一个地回答我的问题，从露西开始。
You could start by weeding the flowerbeds.   你开始时可以先替花圃除草。
He started his working life as an engineer but later became a teacher.   他刚开始工作时当的是工程师，但后来做了老师。
intransitive informal 
■to begin to complain or be annoying in some way    开始抱怨；开始惹人厌烦
Don't start - we're not going and that's that!   别烦人——我们不去，没的商量！
informal "It would help if Richard did some work." "Oh, don't get me started on Richard!"   “如果理查有做了些什么就好了。”“噢，别提理查了，说起来我就有气。”
get started 
■to begin    开始
When can we get started?   我们甚么时候能开始？
start a family 
■to have your first child    生育第一个孩子
start work 
■to begin being employed    开始上班；参加工作
He started work at 16 in a local bakers.   他16岁开始在当地的一家面包房工作。
to start with 
■at the beginning, or as the first of several things    最初，一开始；首先
We only knew two people in London to start with, but we soon made friends.   起初我们在伦敦只认识两个人，但很快就交到朋友。
To start with we need better computers - then we need more training.   首先，我们需要更好的电脑——其次，我们需要接受更多训练。UK verb 
FIRST POINT  起点  
intransitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to begin at one point and then move to another, in distance or range    出发；动身，启程；开始，（自…）起
The bus starts at/from the main depot.   公车从总站发车。
We'll need to start (off/out) early because the journey takes six hours.   我们需要早点出发，因为路程需要六个小时。
Tell me what happened - start at the beginning.   告诉我发生了甚么事——从头说起。
Ticket prices start at/from £20 and go up to £100.   票价20英镑起，最高100英镑。UK verb 
MOVE SUDDENLY  突然移动  
intransitive 
■to move your body suddenly because something has surprised or frightened you    突然一惊；吓一跳
He started at the sound of the phone.   电话铃声把他吓了一跳。UK verb 
WORK  工作  
intransitive or transitive (also start up) 
■to (cause to) begin to work or operate 
  （使）开始工作；开动，启动
I'm having trouble starting the car.   我的车发动不起来。
The engine won't start.   引擎发动不了。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   start (sth) off 
 ADVANCED  
■to begin by doing something, or to make something begin by doing something 
  （使）（以…）开始
She started off the meeting with the monthly sales report.   她在会议开始时首先做了每月销售报告。
I'd like to start off by thanking you all for coming today.   首先，我想感谢大家今天光临。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   start sb off 
■to help someone to start an activity, especially a piece of work    帮助（某人）开始做（尤指工作）
I'll start her off on some fairly basic stuff and see how she gets on.   我会先让她做些相当基础的事情，看看她做得如何。
■to make someone start to laugh, cry, or talk about something that they often talk about    使（某人）开始（笑、哭或谈起常谈之事）
I could see Emma trying not to laugh and of course that started me off.   我注意到艾玛想忍住不笑，当然，那却惹得我笑了出来。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   start on sth 
 ADVANCED  
■to start to deal with something, or to start to use something    着手处理；开始进行；开始使用
I'm just about to start on the cleaning.   我正要开始打扫。
Shall we start on the wine or wait till Colin gets here?   我们是现在就开始喝那瓶葡萄酒呢，还是等科林来了再说？UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   start on at sb 
■to start complaining angrily to someone about something they have done    开始责备，开始数落
She started on at him about the way he's always looking at other women.   她开始数落起他来，埋怨他老盯着其他女人看个不停。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   start out 
 ADVANCED  
■to begin your life, or the part of your life when you work, in a particular way    开始人生；开始职业生涯
My dad started out as a sales assistant in a shop.   我爸爸最初在一家商店当售货员。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   start over US (UK start afresh) 
 ADVANCED  
■to begin to do something again, sometimes in a different way    重新开始，重做
We decided to abandon the first draft of the report and start over.   我们决定把报告的第一个版本推翻重写。
The agreement allows old expectations to be forgotten and everyone can start afresh.   协议使大家可以忘却原有的期望，每个人都能从头来过。UK verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   start (sth) up 
BUSINESS 企业  
■If a business or other organization starts up, or if someone starts one up, it is created and starts to operate 
  （使）（公司或机构）成立；创办
Many small businesses started up in the 1980s to cater to this growing market.   20世纪80年代，为满足这个日渐壮大的市场的需要，许多小型企业应运而生。
We ought to start up a drama group.   我们应该成立一个戏剧社。
ENGINE  
■If a vehicle or engine starts up, or someone starts it up, it starts to work 
  （使）（汽车或引擎）发动，（使）启动
The car wouldn't start up this morning.   今天早上汽车发动不起来。UK noun 
BEGINNING  开始  
 ESSENTIAL  only singular 
■the beginning of something    开始，开端，开头
We were doubtful about the product's usefulness from the start.   从一开始，我们就对这个产品的效用抱有疑问。
They announced the start of a new commercial venture.   他们宣布创办一个新的风险企业。
The weather was good at the start (= in the first part) of the week.   本周初天气不错。
The event got off to a shaky/poor start with the stage lights failing in the first few minutes.   活动开局不顺／不利，舞台灯光刚开始几分钟就出了问题。
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■when you begin doing something    开始
We need to make a start on (preparing) the brochure next week.   我们下星期要开始准备小册子。
from start to finish 
■including all of something, from the beginning to the end    从头到尾，自始至终
The whole course was a disaster from start to finish.   整个过程自始至终糟糕透了。
for a start    UK 
■first, or as the first in a set of things    首先；第一
We'll take names and phone numbers for a start, then later on we can get more details.   我们先记下名字和电话号码，之后可以获取更多细节。UK noun 
SUDDEN MOVEMENT  突然移动  
only singular 
■when someone moves their body suddenly because something has surprised or frightened them    突然一惊；吓一跳
He woke with a start.   他抖了一下，惊醒了。
She gave a start as I entered.   我进去时，她吓了一跳。



★☆☆   starter
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person, animal or organization that is involved at the beginning of an activity, especially a race 
  （尤指赛跑的）起始参加者
Of the ten starters (= horses which started in the race) , two fell at the first fence.   参赛的十匹赛马中，有两匹在第一个障碍处摔倒。
countable mainly UK 
■a small dish served as the first part of a meal 
  （一餐的）开胃菜，前菜，第一道菜
We had soup/pâté/pasta as a starter.   我们的开胃菜是汤／肉酱／义大利面。UK noun countable 
for starters informal 
■used to say that something is the first in a list of things    首先，第一
Try this exercise for starters.   首先，试一下这个练习。
"Why did you decide not to go to the concert?" "Well, for starters, the tickets were ridiculously expensive."   “你为甚么决定不去听音乐会了?”“嗯，首先，票贵得太离谱了。”UK noun countable 
under starter's orders 
■ready for the signal to start a race    等待比赛开始的信号



★☆☆   starter motor 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an electrical device which causes an engine to begin to operate    启动电动机，启动马达



★☆☆   starting date
—————————————————
(also start date) 
noun countable 
■the planned day for the start of an important activity 
  （重大活动的）开始日期，启动日期
The starting date for the construction work is June 23rd.   建筑工程的动工日期是6月23日。



★☆☆   starting line 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a line drawn on the ground behind which competitors wait for a signal to begin a race    起跑线



★☆☆   starting pistol 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small gun that makes a loud noise instead of firing bullets and is used for starting races    发令枪



★☆☆   starting point
—————————————————
(UK also start point) 
noun countable usually singular 
■a place or position where something begins    起始地点；起点；出发点
The starting point for the guided tour of the town is in the market square.   导游所领的城市观光出发点在市集广场上。
The committee emphasised that its report was only meant as a starting point for discussion.   委员会强调其报告只是为了抛砖引玉，引发大家讨论。



★☆☆   starting price
—————————————————
(abbreviation SP) UK 
noun countable 
■the amount of money offered just at the start of a race by a bookmaker for a winning bet (= money risked) 
  （赛马等的）临赛赔率



★☆☆   starting salary 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the amount of money received when starting a particular type of job for the first time    起薪
My starting salary as a newly qualified teacher wasn't enough to support a family.   我刚刚获得教师资格，起薪还养活不了一家人。



★☆☆   starting time
—————————————————
(also start time) 
noun countable 
■the planned time for starting an official activity 
  （正式活动的）开始时间
The starting time for our monthly meetings will be 6.30.   我们每月的例会6点30分开始。



★☆☆   startle
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to do something unexpected which surprises and sometimes worries a person or animal    使大吃一惊；使受惊，使吓一跳
She was concentrating on her book and his voice startled her.   她正在聚精会神地看书，被他的声音吓了一跳。
The noise of the car startled the birds and the whole flock flew up into the air.   汽车声把一大群鸟惊吓得振翅飞了起来。
Her article on diet startled many people into changing their eating habits.   她那篇有关饮食的文章使很多人惶惶不安，开始改变饮食习惯。



★☆☆   startling
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■surprising and sometimes worrying    惊人的；令人震惊的
startling results   令人震惊的结果
He made some startling admissions about his past.   他承认了自己过去一些令人震惊的事。



★☆☆   start-up
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a small business that has just been started    刚起步的小企业，新兴小型企业
Start-ups are very vulnerable in the business world.   商界中刚起步的小企业非常脆弱。



★☆☆   star turn 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■the main performer in a film, play or other show, or an extremely good performance by someone 
  （电影、戏剧等的）主要演员；精彩表演



★☆☆   starvation
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the state of having no food for a long period, often causing death 
  （常造成死亡的）饥饿，挨饿
Twenty million people face starvation unless a vast emergency aid programme is launched.   若不启动大型紧急援助专案计划，两千万人将有饿死的危险。
The animals had died of starvation.   这些动物饿死了。
figurative They pay starvation wages (= not enough money to live on).   他们付的工钱极少，不够维持基本生活。



★☆☆   starvation diet 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■when you eat only a very small amount of food in order to lose weight quickly    饥饿式节食减肥
She went on a starvation diet and ended up in hospital.   她进行饥饿式节食减肥，结果进了医院。



★☆☆   starve
—————————————————
UK verb 
 ADVANCED  intransitive or transitive 
■to (cause to) become very weak or die because there is not enough food to eat 
  （使）挨饿；（使）饿死
Whole communities starved to death during the long drought.   在这场漫长的大旱中，整个村落的人都饿死了。
From talking to former prisoners in the camps, an obvious conclusion is that they have been starved.   透过和从集中营出来的囚犯谈话，一个很明显的感觉就是他们一直在挨饿。
transitive often passive 
■If you are starved of something necessary or good, you do not receive enough of it 
  （使）缺乏
People starved of sleep start to lose their concentration and may hallucinate.   睡眠严重不足的人开始注意力不集中，而且可能会产生幻觉。



★☆☆   starved
—————————————————
UK adjective    mainly US informal 
■very hungry    十分饥饿的，饿得要命的
half-starved 
■dangerously thin    瘦得可怕的
A lot of these fashion models look half-starved to me.   在我看来，这些时装模特儿中有很多都瘦得可怕。



★☆☆   starving
—————————————————
UK adjective 
NO FOOD  缺乏食物  
■dying because of not having enough food    饿得奄奄一息的，快饿死的
The cats were neglected and starving.   那些猫无人照顾，饿得奄奄一息。
■informal 
■very hungry    十分饥饿的，饿得要命的
Isn't lunch ready yet? I'm starving.   午餐还没好吗？我快饿死了。UK adjective 
COLD  寒冷的  
[after verb] Scottish English and Northern English 
■extremely cold    极其寒冷的，酷寒的
Could you put the heating on? I'm starving!   你能开暖气吗？我快冷死了！



★☆☆   Star wars 
—————————————————
plural noun    informal for 
■SDI ; Strategic Defense Initiative



★☆☆   stash
—————————————————
 informal 
verb transitive 
■to store or hide something, especially a large amount    存放，藏匿（尤指大量物品）
The stolen pictures were stashed (away) in a London warehouse.   失窃的画被藏匿在伦敦的一个仓库里。



★☆☆   stasis
—————————————————
 formal 
noun uncountable 
■a state which does not change    停滞；静止
She was bored - her life was in stasis.   她厌倦极了——她的生活像一潭死水。



★☆☆   state
—————————————————
noun 
CONDITION  情况  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a condition or way of being that exists at a particular time    状态；情形；状况
The building was in a state of disrepair.   这栋大楼年久失修。
She was found wandering in a confused state (of mind).   有人发现她到处游荡，神智恍惚。
Give me the keys - you're in no fit state to drive.   把锁匙给我——你状态不佳，不能开车。
After the accident I was in a state of shock.   事故之后，我惊魂未定。
I came home to an unhappy state of affairs (= situation).   我回到家时，心情十分沉重。
The kitchen was in its original state, with a 1920s sink and stove.   厨房还保留着最初的样子，有一个20世纪20年代的水槽和炉子。
the state of play UK Australian 
■the present situation    现状
The article provides a useful summary of the current state of play in the negotiations.   这篇文章对谈判的现状作出了有用的总结。noun 
COUNTRY  国家  
 ESSENTIAL  countable or uncountable 
■a country or its government    国家；政府
The drought is worst in the central African states.   中非国家旱情最重。
Britain is one of the member states of the European Union.   英国是欧盟的成员国之一。
The government was determined to reduce the number of state-owned industries.   政府下决心要减少国有企业的数量。
Some theatres receive a small amount of funding from the state.   一些剧院从政府那里获得少量资金资助。
formal His diary included comments on affairs/matters of state (= information about government activities).   他的日记中有对国事的评论。
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a part of a large country with its own government, such as in Germany, Australia or the US 
  （德国、澳大利亚、美国等的）州，邦
Alaska is the largest state in the US.   阿拉斯加是美国最大的州。
Representatives are elected from each state.   代表是从各州选出的。
the States informal 
 IMPROVER  
■used to refer to the United States of America    美国
in state 
■If a king, queen or government leader does something in state, they do it in a formal way as part of an official ceremony 
  （君主或政府首脑）正式地，隆重地
The Queen rode in state to the opening of Parliament.   女王隆重地乘车前往出席议会开幕典礼。noun 
be in/get into a state mainly UK 
■to become nervous and upset    紧张；焦虑
She got into a real state before her driving test.   她在驾驶路考之前紧张得要命。verb transitive slightly formal 
 ESSENTIAL  
■to say or write something, especially clearly and carefully 
  （尤指清楚谨慎地）陈述，说明，声明
Our warranty clearly states the limits of our liability.   我们的保证书清楚界定了我们的保修范围。
[+ (that)] Union members stated (that) they were unhappy with the proposal.   工会成员对提案表示不满。
[+ question word] Please state wh y you wish to apply for this grant.   请说明申请这笔补助的原因。
Children in the stated (= named) areas were at risk from a lack of food, the report said.   报告中称，上述地区的儿童面临食物匮乏的威胁。adjective [before noun] 
 ADVANCED  
■provided, created or done by the state (= government of a country)    国家的；政府的；州的
state education/industries   公办教育／国有企业
state legislature/law   国家立法机构／法律
state control   国家控制
state funding/pensions/subsidies   政府补助／养老金／补贴
■formal, official and involving ceremonies when referring to activities involving a representative of the government or leader of the country    国事的；国事规格的；正式的
the state opening of Parliament   隆重的议会开幕典礼
a state funeral   国葬



★☆☆   statecraft
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the skill of governing a country    治国才能 ； 政治手腕



★☆☆   State Department 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■the part of the US government which deals with foreign matters 
  （美国）国务院



★☆☆   statehood
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the condition of being a country or a part of a large country that has its own government    国家地位；州（或邦）的地位
The US-Mexican War of 1846-48 was sparked by a dispute over impending Texas statehood.   1846至1848年间的美墨战争是由德克萨斯即将建州这个问题引发的。



★☆☆   stateless
—————————————————
adjective 
■A stateless person has no country that they officially belong to.    无国籍的



★☆☆   state line
—————————————————
US 
noun countable usually singular 
■a border between two US states 
  （美国的）州界



★☆☆   stately
—————————————————
 slightly formal 
adjective 
■formal and splendid in style and appearance    威严的；隆重的；气宇不凡的
The procession moved through the mountain village at a stately pace.   队伍迈着庄重的步伐穿过山村。
He always walked with a stately bearing.   他走起路来总是一副气宇轩昂的样子。



★☆☆   stately home
—————————————————
UK 
noun countable 
■a large old house which usually has beautiful furniture, decorations and gardens    豪华古宅



★☆☆   statement
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■something that someone says or writes officially, or an action done to express an opinion 
  （正式的）说明；声明；表态
The government is expected to issue a statement about the investigation to the press.   预计政府会就该调查向媒体作出说明。
He produced a signed statement from the prisoner.   他出示了一份犯人签字画押的口供。
He threw paint over the fur coats because he wanted to make a statement about cruelty to animals.   他把颜料洒在毛皮大衣上，想藉此表现人类对动物的残忍。
[+ that] We were not surprised by their statement that the train services would be reduced.   他们宣布将减少列车班次，我们对此丝毫不感到吃惊。
(also bank statement) 
■a piece of paper which shows the amounts of money paid into and taken out of your bank account during a particular period of time    （银行）对帐单



★☆☆   state occasion 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an official formal occasion, which has traditional ceremonies connected with it, and at which important members of the government, royal family, etc. are present    国事场合



★☆☆   state of emergency 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a temporary system of rules to deal with an extremely dangerous or difficult situation    紧急状态
After the floods the government declared a state of emergency.   洪水爆发后，政府宣布进入紧急状态。



★☆☆   state-of-the-art 
—————————————————
adjective 
■very modern and using the most recent ideas and methods    十分先进的；应用最新理念（或方法）的
a state-of-the-art computer   最先进的电脑
The control panel uses all the newest technology and is considered state-of-the-art.   控制板应用了所有最新技术，被认为是最先进的。



★☆☆   state premier 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the leader of an Australian state government 
  （澳大利亚的）州长



★☆☆   stateroom
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a large room, especially in a castle or palace , which is used for formal or important occasions 
  （尤指城堡或宫殿的）谒见厅，议事厅
the staterooms at Windsor Castle   温莎城堡的谒见厅



★☆☆   state school
—————————————————
UK (US public school) 
noun countable 
■a school that is free to go to because the government provides the money for it    公立学校



★☆☆   state's evidence
—————————————————
noun uncountable    US for 
■Queen's evidence or King's evidence 



★☆☆   stateside
—————————————————
 US 
adjective adverb 
■related to the US; in or towards the US    美国的（地）；在美国（的）；去美国（的）
a stateside job   在美国的工作
Some girls dream of finding an American husband to transport them stateside (= to the United States).   一些女孩子梦想找个美国丈夫把她们带到美国去。



★☆☆   statesman
—————————————————
 approving 
noun countable 
■an experienced politician, especially one who is respected for making good judgments 
  （尤指具有远见卓识而受人尊敬的）政治家



★☆☆   statesmanlike
—————————————————
 approving 
adjective 
■having or showing the qualities of a statesman    有政治家才能的；具有政治家风范的
a statesmanlike speech   具有政治家风范的演说



★☆☆   stateswoman
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a female statesman    女政治家
an influential and admired elder stateswoman   年长的、有影响力的、受人钦佩的女政治家



★☆☆   state visit 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an official formal visit by the leader of one country to another    国事访问



★☆☆   statewide
—————————————————
adjective 
■in every part of a state 
statewide elections   州选举



★☆☆   static
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■staying in one place without moving, or not changing for a long time    静止的；停滞的；不变的
Oil prices have remained static for the last few months.   过去几个月里油价保持稳定。UK noun uncountable 
■noise on a radio or television caused by electricity in the air    静电干扰
There's so much static on this radio I can't hear what they're saying.   收音机的静电干扰太大，我听不清他们在说甚么。
(also static electricity) 
■an electrical charge which collects on the surface of objects made from some types of material when they are rubbed    静电



★☆☆   statin
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a drug that reduces the level of cholesterol (= substance containing a lot of fat in your blood that can cause heart disease)    施德丁； 抑制素（可降低血液中的胆固醇含量）



★☆☆   station
—————————————————
noun countable 
BUSES/TRAINS  公车／火车  
 ESSENTIAL  
■a building and the surrounding area where buses or trains stop for people to get on or off    车站
a train/rail station   火车站
a bus/coach station   公车／长途汽车站
UK a railway station   火车站
Our office is near the station.   我们的办事处在火车站附近。
We looked on our map to find the nearest UKunderground/tube / USsubway/metro station.   我们在地图上找最近的地铁站。
  Common Learner Errors   station or stop?   Station is used for trains.   I'll meet you at the station in an hour.   a railway station   an underground station   Stop or bus stop is used for buses.   I stood at the bus stop for over half an hour.   Get off at the third stop.   A bus station is a place where many buses start or end their journeys.noun countable 
BROADCASTING  播送  
 ESSENTIAL  
■a company which sends out radio or television broadcasts    电台；电视台
a radio/television station   广播电台／电视台
a commercial/foreign station   商业／外国电台
a pirate (= illegal) station   地下电台
The reception is not very good - try to tune in to another station.   接收效果不太好——换个频道（台）试试。noun countable 
SERVICE  服务  
 ESSENTIAL  
■a building or place used for a particular service or type of work 
  （提供某种服务或进行某种工作的）站，所，局
a UKpetrol/ USgas station   加油站
a police/fire station   警察局／消防站
a biological research station   生物研究所
■mainly Australian 
■a large farm with animals in Australia and New Zealand 
  （澳大利亚和纽西兰的）大牧场
a sheep station   大牧羊场noun countable 
POSITION  位置  
■a particular position that someone has been ordered to move into or to stay in    岗位；驻地
The police took up their stations at the edge of the road, holding back the crowd.   员警沿着路边各就各位，挡住人群。verb transitive + adverb or preposition 
■to cause especially soldiers to be in a particular place to do a job    安置；使（尤指士兵）驻扎
I hear your son's in the army - where's he stationed?   我听说你儿子在当兵——他驻扎在哪里？
The regiment was stationed in Singapore for several years.   这个团在新加坡驻扎了几年。
Armed guards were stationed around the airport.   武装警卫驻扎在机场周围。



★☆☆   stationary
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■not moving, or not changing    静止的；不变的；稳定的
a stationary car/train   停着的汽车／火车
The traffic got slower and slower until it was stationary.   车流移动得越来越慢，最后完全不动了。
The rate of inflation has been stationary for several months.   通货膨胀率已经几个月保持不变。



★☆☆   station break
—————————————————
US 
noun countable 
■a pause in a television or radio broadcast for the broadcasting station to give its name 
  （电视台或电台的）暂停播出节目以供广告的时间



★☆☆   stationer
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person or business that sells stationery    文具商；文具公司



★☆☆   stationer's
—————————————————
UK US  UK 
noun countable 
■a shop which sells stationery    文具店
You'll be able to get a tube of glue at the stationer's down the road.   你顺着路到前面的文具店就能买到胶水。



★☆☆   stationery
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the things needed for writing, such as paper, pens, pencils and envelopes    文具
■good quality paper for writing letters on and matching envelopes    优质信纸信封



★☆☆   station house 
—————————————————
noun countable    US informal for 
■police station or fire station 



★☆☆   stationmaster
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the person who is in charge of a railway station    火车站站长



★☆☆   Stations of the Cross 
—————————————————
plural noun 
■14 pictures showing different things which happened during the last days of the life of Jesus Christ, which are put on the walls inside many Roman Catholic churches    耶稣受难像（共14幅图画，显示耶稣基督生命最后日子里发生的不同事情，这些图画放在许多罗马天主教教堂内的墙上）



★☆☆   station wagon 
—————————————————
noun countable     US for 
■estate (car) 



★☆☆   statistic
—————————————————
noun 
statistics 
 IMPROVER  [plural] (informal stats) 
■information based on a study of the number of times something happens or is present, or other numerical facts    统计数据；统计资料
Statistics show/suggest that women live longer than men.   统计资料显示女性寿命比男性长。
According to official statistics, the Japanese work longer hours than workers in most other industrialized countries.   根据官方统计数字，日本人比其他大多数工业国家劳工的工作时间都要长。
uncountable 
■the science of using information discovered from studying numbers    统计学
countable 
■a fact in the form of a number that shows information about something    统计数字
The city's most shocking statistic is its high infant mortality rate.   这座城市最令人震惊的统计数字是其高婴儿死亡率。



★☆☆   statistical
—————————————————
adjective 
■relating to statistics    统计的；统计学的
statistical errors/evidence   统计错误／证据



★☆☆   statistician
—————————————————
noun countable 
■someone who studies or is an expert in statistics    统计学家；统计员



★☆☆   statuary
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
noun uncountable 
■statues 
  （总称）雕像，雕塑，塑像
a display of garden statuary   园艺雕塑展



★☆☆   statue
—————————————————
noun countable 
 IMPROVER  
■an object made from a hard material, especially stone or metal, to look like a person or animal 
  （尤指石头或金属的）雕像，雕塑，塑像
a statue of a boy   一尊男孩雕像
They planned to put up/erect a statue to the President.   他们计划为总统设一尊雕像。



★☆☆   statuesque
—————————————————
adjective 
■A statuesque woman is attractively tall and large. 
  （女子）高挑丰满的，雕像般的



★☆☆   statuette
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a statue which is small enough to stand on a table or shelf    小雕像，小塑像



★☆☆   stature
—————————————————
UK noun 
REPUTATION  声誉  
uncountable 
■the good reputation a person or organization has, based on their behaviour and ability    声望；声誉
an artist of great stature   才高德劭的艺术家
His stature as an art critic was tremendous.   他作为艺术评论家，享有非常高的声誉。
If the school continues to gain in stature, it will attract the necessary financial support.   如果学校能继续提高声誉，将会吸引到必要的资金补助。UK noun 
HEIGHT  高度  
countable usually singular slightly formal 
■(especially of people) height    高度；（尤指）身高
His red hair and short stature made him easy to recognize.   他红头发，五短身材，很容易认出来。



★☆☆   status
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
OFFICIAL POSITION  正式地位  
 IMPROVER  
■an accepted or official position, especially in a social group 
  （尤指在社会中的）地位，身份
The association works to promote the status of retired people as useful members of the community.   这个协会旨在提高退休人员的地位，使其成为社会中有用的成员。
There has been an increase in applications for refugee status.   越来越多的人申请难民身份。
The success of her book has given her unexpected celebrity status.   她的书的成功给她带来意想不到的名气。
Applicants should have a degree or a qualification of equal status.   申请人应该具有大学学位或同等学历的资格证明。UK noun uncountable 
RESPECT  尊重  
■the amount of respect, admiration or importance given to a person, organization or object    尊重程度；仰慕程度；重视程度
high/low status   很高／很低的地位
As the daughter of the president, she enjoys high status among her peers.   身为总统的女儿，她在同侪中极有地位。
The leaders were often more concerned with status and privilege than with the problems of the people.   领袖往往更关心自己的地位和特权，而非民间疾苦。



★☆☆   status symbol 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■any thing which people want to have because they think other people will admire them if they have it    地位的象征；身份的象征
Among young people, this brand of designer clothing is the ultimate status symbol.   在年轻人当中，这种名牌服装是最高的身份象征。



★☆☆   statute
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a law which has been formally approved and written down    成文法；法令，法规
statute book UK 
■When a law is on or reaches the statute book, it has been formally approved and written down and can be used in a law court.    法典；法令全书；法规汇编



★☆☆   statutory
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■decided or controlled by law    法定的
statutory obligations   法定义务



★☆☆   staunch
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■always loyal in supporting a person, organization or set of beliefs or opinions    忠实的；坚定的
a staunch friend and ally   忠实的朋友和盟友
He gained a reputation as being a staunch defender/supporter of civil rights.   他坚决捍卫民权，因此赢得了声誉。UK verb transitive (US also stanch) 
■to stop something happening, or to stop liquid, especially blood, from flowing out    制止；止住（尤指出血）
The country's asylum laws were amended to staunch the flow/flood of economic migrants.   该国修订避难法，阻止经济移民的洪流。
Mike pressed hard on the wound and staunched the flow of blood.   麦克使劲压住伤口，止住了出血。



★☆☆   staunchly
—————————————————
UK adverb 
■strongly    坚决地，坚定地
staunchly loyal/independent   绝对忠实／独立的



★☆☆   stave
—————————————————
noun countable UK (US staff) 
■the five lines and four spaces between them on which musical notes are written    五线谱verb (staved or stove, staved or stove)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] stave sth in mainly UK 
■to push or hit something such as a door or other surface so that it breaks and falls towards the inside    使（门等）向内凹陷；撞坏；压坏
A couple of teenagers were trying to stave in our shed door.   几个少年正企图撞坏我们小屋的门。
The front of the ship was stove in where it had hit the rock.   船首撞上礁石，陷进去了一块。verb (staved or stove, staved or stove)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] stave sth/sb off 
■to stop something bad from happening, or to keep an unwanted situation or person away, usually temporarily 
  （通常指暂时地）挡住，阻止，避开；延缓
We were hoping to stave off these difficult decisions until September.   我们希望将这些难以抉择的事延缓到九月份。




★☆☆   staves
—————————————————
noun    plural of 
■staff (STICK) and stave



★☆☆   stay
—————————————————
verb 
NOT LEAVE  不离开  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive 
■to not move away from or leave    逗留；留下；停留
They need an assistant who is willing to stay for six months.   他们需要一位元愿意留六个月的助手。
Stay until the rain has stopped.   等雨停再走吧。
Can you stay after work to play tennis?   你下班后能留下来打网球吗？
Because of the snow, schools have been closed and children told to stay at home / mainly USstay home.   由于下雪，学校已停课，孩子们被告知要留在家里。verb 
CONTINUE  继续  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive usually + adverb or preposition [L] 
■to continue doing something, or to continue to be in a particular state    继续做；保持
Stay away from the edge of the cliff.   不要到悬崖边上去。
He's decided not to stay in teaching/medicine/the army.   他已经决定不再教书／从医／当兵。
The final figures showed that most departments had stayed within budget.   最终数据显示大部分部门都没有超出预算。
It was so warm we stayed (out) in the garden until ten that night.   那天晚上天气很暖和，我们一直在花园里待到十点钟。
Put a lid on the pan so the food will stay hot.   盖上锅盖，这样食物就不会冷掉了。
The shops stay open until 9 o' clock.   商店一直营业到九点。
They stayed friends after their divorce.   他们离婚后仍然是朋友。verb 
LIVE  生活  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive 
■to live or be in a place for a short time as a visitor    暂住；逗留
I stayed in Montreal for two weeks then flew home.   我在蒙特瑞留了两周，然后搭飞机回家。
They said they'd stay at/in a hotel.   他们说他们会住在饭店里。
The children usually stay with their grandparents for a week in the summer.   夏天孩子们通常到爷爷奶奶那里住上一周。
stay overnight (also stay the night) 
■to sleep somewhere for one night    过夜，留宿
We've arranged to stay overnight at my sister's house.   我们商量好在我姐姐家住一宿。
  Common Learner Errors   stay   Warning: choose the correct preposition!   To talk about the town/country/region you are visiting , don't say 'stay at/to/on', say stay in :   We stayed in Rome for three nights.   To talk about the building where you stay during your visit, remember to use the preposition in or at :   We stayed in a nice hotel in the city centre.   I stayed at my brother's house.   To talk about the person or people you are visiting, don't say 'stay at/in', say stay with :   We stayed with a very nice host family.verb 
here to stay 
■If something is here to stay, it has stopped being unusual and has become generally used or accepted    已被广泛使用；已为大多数人所接受
Blogging is here to stay.   写博客已经广泛流行。verb 
stay on the sidelines 
■If you stay on the sidelines, you are not an important part of what is happening.    当旁观者，是局外人verb 
stay put 
■to remain in the same place or position    留在原地；留在原来的位置
Just stay put with the cases, while I go and find a taxi.   你留在这里看箱子，我去叫计程车。verb 
stay the course 
■to continue doing something until it is finished or until you achieve something you have planned to do    坚持到底
She interviewed slimmers who had failed to stay the course to find out why they had given up.   她访问了半途而废的减肥者，想找出他们放弃的原因。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   stay behind 
■to not leave a place when other people leave    留下不走
I stayed behind after class.   下课后我留下没走。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   stay in 
 ADVANCED  
■to stay in your home    留在家里，不出门
Let's stay in tonight and watch a video.   我们今天晚上留在家里看部影片吧。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   stay on 
■to continue to be in a place, job or school after the other people who were with you have left    留下继续（工作、学习等）
Gill decided to stay on at university to do further research.   吉尔决定留在大学继续深造。
We asked him to stay on as youth leader for another year.   我们请他再担任一年青年协会会长。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [usually + adv/prep] stay out 
 ADVANCED  
■to not come home at night, or to go home late    在外过夜；晚归
Our cat usually stays out at night.   我们家的猫通常在外面过夜。
My mum won't let me stay out late.   我妈妈不准我晚上太晚回家。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   stay out of sth 
 ADVANCED  
■to not become involved in an argument or discussion    不介入，置身于…之外
It's better to stay out of their arguments.   最好别卷进他们的争论之中。
You don't know anything about this, so just stay out of it !   这件事你毫不知情，所以别去凑热闹！verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   stay up 
 ADVANCED  
■to go to bed later than usual    熬夜，深夜不睡
We stayed up (late) to watch a film.   我们熬夜看了部电影。noun 
VISIT  探望  
countable 
■a period of time that you spend in a place    停留时间，逗留时间
She planned a short stay at/in a hotel to celebrate their anniversary.   她计划在饭店小住一段时间，庆祝他们的结婚纪念日。noun 
stay of execution, deportation, etc. legal 
■an order by a judge which stops a judgment being performed until new information can be considered    缓期执行死刑／驱逐出境等



★☆☆   stay-at-home
—————————————————
UK US  informal disapproving 
noun countable 
■someone who does not like to go to parties or events outside the home and is considered boring    深居简出者，老是留在家里的人，不爱出门的人



★☆☆   stayer
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
CONTINUING  继续  
■a person or animal that continues to try hard rather than giving up    坚持不懈者；有耐力的人（或动物）
The horse isn't very fast but it's a stayer and always finishes even the longest races.   这匹马速度不是很快，但耐力很好，再长的赛程也总能跑完全程。UK noun countable 
IN A PLACE  在某地方  
■someone who stays in a place    滞留者
The longest stayers are the British, who visit Australia to see friends and relatives.   逗留时间最长的是来澳大利亚探望亲朋好友的英国人。



★☆☆   staying power 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■If someone has staying power they always manage to continue doing what they have to do until it is finished.    持久力，耐力



★☆☆   St Bernard
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a very large strong dog used especially in Switzerland in the past to find people lost in the mountains    圣伯纳德犬，瑞士救护犬（旧时尤用于在山中寻找失踪者）



★☆☆   STD
—————————————————
noun 
DISEASE  疾病  
countable abbreviation for 
■sexually transmitted disease noun 
TELEPHONE  电话  
uncountable abbreviation for 
■subscriber trunk dialling: a system in Britain and Australia by which people make telephone calls over long distances 
  （英国和澳大利亚的）用户直拨长途电话



★☆☆   std 
—————————————————
adjective    written abbreviation for 
■standard (USUAL) .



★☆☆   stead
—————————————————
noun 
in sb's stead formal 
■in place of someone    代替（某人）
The marketing manager was ill and her deputy ran the meeting in her stead.   行销主管生病了，她的副手代替她主持会议。noun 
stand sb in good stead 
■    See at stand



★☆☆   steadfast
—————————————————
UK US  approving 
adjective 
■staying the same for a long time and not changing quickly or unexpectedly    长期不变的；坚定的，不动摇的
a steadfast friend/ally   忠实的朋友／盟友
steadfast loyalty   毫不动摇的忠诚
The group remained steadfast in its support for the new system, even when it was criticized in the newspapers.   这个团体始终坚定不移地支持新体制，即使遭到报纸批评的时候也毫不动摇。



★☆☆   steadfastly
—————————————————
UK adverb 
■strongly and without stopping    坚定地；不动摇地
She was steadfastly in support of women's rights.   她坚定不移地支持女性权益。



★☆☆   steadily
—————————————————
adverb 
GRADUALLY  逐渐地；稳步地  
■gradually    逐渐地；稳步地
Prices have risen steadily.   物价持续上涨。adverb 
CONTROLLED  受控制的  
■calmly and in a controlled way    冷静地，镇定地
She returned his gaze steadily.   她镇定地跟他对视。



★☆☆   steady
—————————————————
adjective 
GRADUAL  逐渐的  
 IMPROVER  
■happening in a smooth, gradual and regular way, not suddenly or unexpectedly    稳步的；持续的；有规律的
The procession moved through the streets at a steady pace.   队伍稳步穿过街道。
Orders for new ships are rising, after several years of steady decline.   新船的订单数量经过几年的持续下降之后开始增加了。
Over the last 10 years he has produced a steady flow/stream/trickle of articles and papers.   过去十年，他连续发表了一系列文章和论文。
Progress has been slow but steady.   进展虽然缓慢，但却也在稳步向前。adjective 
FIRM  稳固的  
■fixed and not moving or changing suddenly    固定不动的；稳固的，平稳的
I'll hold the boat steady while you climb in.   我把船稳住，你爬上来。
Most rental prices have held steady this year.   今年大部分租金保持不变。
Young people assume that if you are in a steady relationship , you don't have to worry about HIV.   年轻人想当然地认为，只要保持稳定的恋爱关系，就不必担心爱滋病病毒。adjective 
CONTROLLED  受控制的  
■under control    稳的；冷静的，沉着的
a steady voice/look/gaze   冷静的声音／表情／目光
You need steady nerves to drive in city traffic.   在市内开车需要沉着冷静。
Painting these small details needs a steady hand.   画这些小细节手要稳。
■describes someone who can be trusted to show good judgment and act in a reasonable way    可靠的；稳重的
a steady friend   可靠的朋友adjective 
go steady on sth UK (US go easy on sth) informal 
■to not use too much of something    节省着用
Go steady on the milk, Dan - that's our last bottle.   牛奶省着点喝，丹——那是我们最后一瓶了。adjective 
Steady on! UK informal 
■used to tell someone that what they are saying is too extreme    别那么极端！说话留点余地！
Steady on, Chris - she's nice but she's not that nice!   别这么绝对，克里斯——她是漂亮，但还没你说的那么漂亮！verb transitive 
STOP MOVING  固定不动  
■to make something stop shaking or moving    使稳定；使固定不动
He wobbled about on the bike and then steadied himself.   他在脚踏车上摇晃了几下，随后便稳住了。
He steadied his rifle on the wall and fired.   他把步枪抵在墙上稳住，然后开火。verb transitive 
CONTROL  受控制的  
■to become calm and controlled, or to make someone do this 
  （使）冷静，（使）镇定下来
Some people say that a drink will steady your nerves.   有些人说喝杯酒能稳定情绪。adverb old-fashioned 
go steady (with sb) 
■to have a romantic relationship with one person for a long period 
  （和某人）保持稳定的恋爱关系
She's been going steady with Mike for six months.   她和麦克稳定交往已经六个月了。



★☆☆   steak
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a thick, flat piece of meat or fish, especially meat from a cow    肉排；肉块；鱼排；鱼块；（尤指）牛排
T-bone/sirloin steaks   T骨／沙朗牛排
salmon/turkey steaks   鲑鱼排／火鸡肉排
Shall we have steak for dinner?   我们晚餐吃牛排好吗？



★☆☆   steak and kidney pie
—————————————————
(also steak and kidney pudding) 
noun countable or uncountable 
■a traditional British dish made from small pieces of meat in a sauce with pastry on top    牛排腰子批（一种传统的英国菜，将小片肉放在酱料中制成，顶上放馅饼皮）



★☆☆   steak house 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a restaurant that specializes in serving steak    牛排馆，牛排餐厅



★☆☆   steak knife 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a sharp knife with small teeth-like parts along one edge which cuts meat easily    牛排餐刀



★☆☆   steak tartare
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■steak (= meat from a cow) cut into very small pieces and eaten without being cooked    鞑靼牛排；生拌牛肉



★☆☆   steal
—————————————————
verb intransitive or transitive (stole, stolen)
TAKE  拿  
 ESSENTIAL  
■to take something without the permission or knowledge of the owner and keep it    偷，窃
She admitted stealing the money from her employers.   她承认偷了雇主的钱。
The number of cars which are stolen every year has risen.   每年失窃车辆的数量都在上升。
They were so poor they had to steal in order to eat.   他们非常穷，为了填饱肚子只得去行窃。verb intransitive or transitive (stole, stolen)
DO QUICKLY  行动快速  
■to do something quickly or without being noticed    偷偷做；悄悄进行
She stole a glance at her watch.   她偷偷瞄了一眼自己的手表。
He stole out of the room while no one was looking.   他趁没人注意，偷偷溜出房间。verb intransitive or transitive (stole, stolen)
steal sb's thunder 
■to do what someone else was going to do before they do it, especially if this takes success or praise away from them    抢先（某人）做；（尤指）抢了（某人）的成功机会（或风头）
Sandy stole my thunder when she announced that she was pregnant two days before I'd planned to tell people about my pregnancy.   在我打算告诉大家我怀孕的消息之前两天，桑迪抢先宣布她怀孕了，抢了我的风头。verb intransitive or transitive (stole, stolen)
steal a march on sb 
■If you steal a march on someone, you get an advantage over them by acting before they do    抢先（某人）一步
Our rival company managed to steal a march on us by bringing out their software ahead of ours.   与我们竞争的公司先于我们推出他们的软体，从而抢占了先机。verb intransitive or transitive (stole, stolen)
steal the limelight 
■to get more attention than anyone or anything else in a situation    出风头，抢镜头
The experimental car certainly stole the limelight at the motor show.   这款实验车型无疑在车展上出尽风头。verb intransitive or transitive (stole, stolen)
steal the show/scene 
■to be the most popular or the best part of an event or situation    最受欢迎；最为出彩
The child with the dog stole the show.   带着狗的那个孩子最受欢迎。noun only singular mainly US informal 
■a product that has a very low price, or a price that is much lower than the original cost    极廉价的物品；低价
I picked up a new iron at the sale - it was a steal.   我在大减价时买了个新熨斗——非常便宜。



★☆☆   stealth
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■movement which is quiet and careful in order not to be seen or heard, or secret action    偷偷摸摸；秘密行动；不声张的活动
These thieves operate with terrifying stealth - they can easily steal from the pockets of unsuspecting travellers.   这些窃贼偷起东西来神不知鬼不觉——他们轻而易举就能从毫无戒备的游客口袋中偷走东西。
It would seem that some politicians would prefer to use financial stealth rather than legislation to produce change.   看来一些政界人士宁愿利用隐性的经济手段，也不愿透过立法来推行改革。
The weapons had been acquired by stealth.   这些武器的来历见不得光。



★☆☆   stealth bomber
—————————————————
(also stealth fighter) 
noun countable 
■an aircraft which cannot be seen on radar    隐形轰炸机



★☆☆   stealth tax 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a new tax that is collected in a way that is not very obvious, so people may not realize that they are paying it    隐形税（一种新税，是以不很明显的方式收取的，因此人们可能意识不到他们支付了这种税）



★☆☆   steam
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 IMPROVER  
■the hot gas that is produced when water boils    蒸汽，水蒸气
Steam rose from the simmering stew.   火上的炖肉咕嘟咕嘟冒着热气。
steam turbines   蒸汽涡轮机
a steam engine/locomotive   蒸汽机／火车头
the age of steam (= the period when steam provided power for railways and factories)   蒸汽时代
The pump is driven by steam.   这个泵是由蒸汽驱动的。noun uncountable 
get/pick up steam 
■to start working much more effectively    加速；加大马力
After the first three months, the fundraising project really started to pick up steam.   最初的三个月后，筹款活动开始变得如火如荼。noun uncountable 
let/blow off steam 
■to do or say something that helps you to get rid of strong feelings or energy    发泄怒气；宣泄感情；释放精力
He lifts weights after work to let off steam.   他下班后练举重来宣泄精力。noun uncountable 
under your own steam 
■If you do something under your own steam, you do it without help    靠自己的力量；独力
Do you want a lift or will you get there under your own steam?   你要不要搭个便车，还是你自己去？verb 
intransitive 
■to move by steam power    依靠蒸汽动力行驶
The train/ship steamed out of the station/harbour.   火车／汽船喷着蒸汽驶出了车站／港口。
transitive 
■to cook food using steam    蒸（食物）
steamed vegetables   蒸蔬菜
transitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to use steam to soften something, especially glue so that something can be removed    用蒸汽软化（尤指胶水）
Ross steamed open the envelope to see if it was a love letter.   罗斯用蒸汽软化胶水打开信封，想看看是不是情书。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] steam (sth) up 
■If glass or something with a glass or similar surface steams up, it becomes covered with a thin layer of water caused by steam touching it, and if you steam it up, you cause this to happen 
  （使）蒙上水气
The bathroom mirror steamed up during my shower.   我淋浴的时候，浴室的镜子蒙上了水气。
Going into the warm room steamed my glasses up.   走进暖和的房间，我的眼镜蒙上了一层雾气。
steamed up 
■angry, especially about something that other people do not think is important 
  （尤指为琐事）非常恼火的，愤怒的
She got all steamed up about the books being left on the tables.   她看到那些书都摊在桌子上，大为光火。




★☆☆   steamboat
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a boat which moves by steam power    汽船，汽艇



★☆☆   steamer
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
BOAT  船  
■a boat or ship which moves by steam power    汽船；轮船UK noun countable 
CONTAINER  容器  
■a container with holes in the bottom which is put over boiling water in order to cook food in steam, or a machine which cooks food with steam    蒸笼；蒸锅
a rice steamer   米饭蒸锅
a vegetable steamer   蔬菜蒸笼



★☆☆   steaming
—————————————————
adjective 
■producing steam    冒蒸汽的；冒水汽的
a steaming bowl of soup   一碗热气腾腾的汤



★☆☆   steam iron 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an electrical iron that has water inside and produces steam to help make clothes smooth    蒸气电熨斗



★☆☆   steamroller
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
VEHICLE  车辆  
■a vehicle which moves forward on a large heavy wheel in order to make a road surface flat    蒸气压路机UK noun countable 
FORCE  力量     informal 
■a person who forces other people to agree with them and prevents any opposition    专横的人，以势凌人的人UK verb transitive informal 
■to use great force either to make someone do something or on something to make it happen or be successful 
  （凭借强力）迫使，强迫
He steamrollered the plan through the committee.   他迫使委员会通过这项计划。
I hate being steamrollered into doing something I don't want to.   我讨厌别人强迫我做我不想做的事情。



★☆☆   steamship
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a ship which moves by steam power    汽船；轮船



★☆☆   steam shovel 
—————————————————
noun countable    US for 
■excavator 



★☆☆   steamy
—————————————————
adjective 
■filled with steam, or hot and wet like steam    充满蒸汽的；热而潮湿的
steamy summer weather   闷热潮湿的夏季天气
a steamy kitchen/bathroom   蒸汽弥漫的厨房／浴室
■informal 
■sexually exciting or including a lot of sexual activity    色情的
a steamy love scene   火辣的性爱场面
His new novel is advertised as his steamiest yet.   他的新小说被宣传为他迄今为止最为色情的一部。



★☆☆   steed
—————————————————
 literary 
noun countable 
■a horse which is ridden    坐骑
a fine white steed   白色的骏马



★☆☆   steel
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
 IMPROVER  
■a strong metal which is a mixture of iron and carbon, and which is used for making things which need a strong structure, especially vehicles and buildings    钢
steel girders/rods/struts   钢梁／条／柱
a steel helmet   钢盔
a steel-plated army truck   军用装甲卡车verb 
steel yourself 
[R] 
■to force yourself to get ready to do something unpleasant or difficult    下决心做；横下心
[+ to infinitive] She steeled herself to jump out of the plane.   她把心一横，跳出飞机。



★☆☆   steel band 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a group of musicians who play steel drums    钢鼓乐队



★☆☆   steel drum 
—————————————————
noun countable usually plural 
■a large oil container which has been made into a musical instrument and is played like a drum    钢鼓（用空油桶制成的鼓）



★☆☆   steel grey
—————————————————
literary 
adjective noun uncountable 
■dark grey 
a steel-grey suit
The sky turned steel gray.   



★☆☆   steel mill 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a factory where steel is made    制钢厂，钢铁厂



★☆☆   steel wool
—————————————————
(UK also wire wool) 
noun uncountable 
■a thick layer of thin steel threads twisted together, small pieces of which can be used to rub a surface smooth    钢丝绒，钢棉（用以研磨物体表面）



★☆☆   steelworker
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person who works in a factory making steel    炼钢工人



★☆☆   steelworks
—————————————————
UK US  (plural steelworks)
noun countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a factory where steel is made    炼钢厂，钢铁厂



★☆☆   steely
—————————————————
adjective 
COLOUR  颜色  
■like steel in colour    颜色似钢的，钢灰色的
steely grey   钢灰色的adjective 
STRONG  坚定的  
■very strong and determined    坚毅的，坚定的，钢铁般的
steely eyes/nerves   坚毅的眼神／大无畏的勇气
steely determination   坚定的决心
a steely look/stare   冷冰冰的脸色／凝视



★☆☆   steep
—————————————————
adjective 
NOT GRADUAL  不平缓的  
 IMPROVER  
■(of a slope) rising or falling at a sharp angle 
  （斜坡）陡的，陡峭的
a steep slope   陡坡
It's a steep climb to the top of the mountain, but the view is worth it.   爬上山顶的路非常陡，不过风景非常好，值得一爬。
The castle is set on a steep hill/hillside.   城堡坐落在陡峭的山／山坡上。
 IMPROVER  
■A steep rise or fall is one which goes very quickly from low to high or from high to low 
  （上升或下降）急剧的，大起大落的
There has been a steep increase/rise in prices.   物价飞涨。adjective 
TOO MUCH  太多     informal 
■(especially of prices) too much, or more than is reasonable 
  （尤指价格）过高的，高得离谱的
They are having to face very steep taxes.   他们得面对非常高的税金。
We enjoyed our meal at the restaurant, but the bill was a bit steep.   我们喜欢这家餐厅的东西，但价格高得有点离谱了。
The membership fees at the golf club are pretty steep.   高尔夫球俱乐部的会费相当高。verb intransitive or transitive 
■to cause to stay in a liquid, especially in order to become soft or clean, or to improve flavour 
  （尤指为软化、清洁或入味儿）浸，浸泡
Leave the cloth to steep in the dye overnight.   把布放进染料里浸一夜。
We had pears steeped in red wine for dessert.   我们的餐后甜品是红酒浸梨。verb intransitive or transitive 
steeped in blood literary 
■describes a place where many people have died in a violent way, or a person responsible for the deaths of many people 
  （地方）浸满鲜血的；（人）双手沾满鲜血的
The castle's history is steeped in blood.   这个城堡的历史浸满鲜血。verb intransitive or transitive 
  Phrasal Verbs   [usually passive] steep sth/sb in sth 
■If something or someone is steeped in something, they are completely surrounded by or involved in it, or they know a lot about it    使沉浸于；使深深浸入；使精通
The college is steeped in history/tradition.   这所学院有着浓厚的历史／传统气息。
These ancient scholars were steeped in poetry and painting, as well as maths and astronomy.   这些古代学者精通诗歌和绘画，同时对数学和天文学也深有研究。




★☆☆   steepen
—————————————————
verb 
intransitive or transitive 
■to become steeper, or to make something do this 
  （使）变陡
The trail began to steepen near the top of the hill.   小路在接近山顶时开始变陡。
intransitive 
■If something such as a cost steepens, it increases 
  （费用等）增加
Our costs have steepened since we began this project.   自从开始这个专案计划，我们的花费就增加了。



★☆☆   steeple
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a pointed structure on the top of a church tower, or the tower and the pointed structure considered as one unit 
  （教堂的）尖顶；尖塔
a church steeple   教堂的尖顶



★☆☆   steeplechase
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a long race in which horses or people have to jump over fences, bushes, etc., either across the countryside or, more usually, on a track    障碍赛马（或赛跑）；越野赛马（或赛跑）



★☆☆   steeplejack
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person whose job is to climb high buildings in order to repair, paint, clean them, etc. 
  （从事修理、粉刷、清洁等工作的）高空作业工人



★☆☆   steeply
—————————————————
adverb 
■suddenly or sharply    徒峭地；险峻地
The beach slopes steeply down to the sea.   海岸陡然没入海中。
The value of the land has risen steeply.   这块土地的价值迅速上涨。



★☆☆   steer
—————————————————
UK verb 
 ADVANCED  intransitive or transitive 
■to control the direction of a vehicle    驾驶（交通工具）；掌方向盘
She carefully steered the car around the potholes.   她小心开车绕过那些坑洞。
This car is very easy to steer.   这辆车很容易开。
intransitive or transitive 
■If a vehicle steers, it follows a particular route or direction 
  （交通工具）行驶，沿（特定路线或方向）行进
The ship passed Land's End, then steered towards southern Ireland.   船绕过兰兹角，接着向爱尔兰南部驶去。
transitive usually + adverb or preposition 
■to take someone or something, or cause them to go, in the direction in which you want them to go    引导，带领
She steered her guests into the dining room.   她把客人们引到餐厅。
I'd like to steer our discussion back to our original topic.   我想请大家重新回到我们原来讨论的话题。
The main task of the new government will be to steer the country towards democracy.   新政府的主要任务是将国家引向民主。UK verb 
steer a course/path 
■to take a series of actions, usually of a particular type, carefully and intentionally    采取一系列行动；遵循路线
It will be difficult to steer a middle course between the competing claims of the two sides in the conflict.   在冲突双方互相对立的主张之间很难保持中立。UK verb 
steer clear of sb/sth 
■to avoid someone or something which seems unpleasant, risky or dangerous    绕开，避开（令人不快或危险的人或事物）
Her speech steered clear of controversial issues.   她的讲话避开了有争议的问题。
They warned their children to steer clear of drugs.   他们告诫孩子要远离毒品。UK noun countable 
■a young male of the cattle family that has had its sex organs removed, and which is usually kept for meat    阉公牛；食用公牛



★☆☆   steering column 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the part of a vehicle that the steering wheel is connected to 
  （车辆的）转向柱，方向盘柱
My car has an adjustable steering column.   我的车配有可调节的方向盘柱。



★☆☆   steering committee 
—————————————————
noun countable [+ sing/pl verb] 
■a group of people who are chosen to direct the way something is dealt with    指导委员会，程式委员会



★☆☆   steering wheel 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a wheel in a vehicle which the driver turns in order to make the vehicle go in a particular direction    方向盘



★☆☆   stegosaurus
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■a large, plant-eating dinosaur with four legs that has pointed plates (= flat pieces) all along its back    剑龙（一种大的、以植物为食的恐龙，有四只脚，整个背上有尖形的、呈扁平块状的骨板）



★☆☆   stein
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a very large cup, usually made of clay and often decorated, which has a handle and a lid, and is used for drinking beer 
  （通常为陶质的有装饰的）带盖啤酒杯
US for    * tankard 



★☆☆   stellar
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■of a star or stars    恒星的，星球的
a stellar explosion   恒星爆炸
stellar light   星光
■informal 
■describes people or their activities that are of an extremely high standard    杰出的，优秀的；精彩的
a stellar performance/player/team   精彩的演出／优秀的选手／出色的球队



★☆☆   stem
—————————————————
noun countable 
CENTRAL PART  中心部分  
■a central part of something from which other parts can develop or grow, or which forms a support    主干
■the stick-like central part of a plant which grows above the ground and from which leaves and flowers grow, or a smaller thin part which grows from the central part and which supports the leaves and flowers 
  （植物的）干，茎，梗，柄
flower stems   花茎
■the vertical part of a glass or similar container which supports the part into which you put liquid 
  （高脚杯的）杯脚
Champagne glasses usually have long stems.   香槟酒杯通常有长长的杯脚。noun countable 
WORD  词  
■the part of a word that is left after you take off the part which changes when forming a plural, past tense, etc.    词干
From the stem 'sav-' you get 'saves', 'saved', 'saving' and 'saver'.   由词干 sav- 可以衍生出 saves，saved，saving 和 saver。noun countable 
WATCH  手表     US 
■the small part on the side of the watch which you turn to change the position of the pointers on the watch, or to make the watch operate 
  （手表的）发条转柄，拨针柄noun countable 
SHIP  船  
■the main supporting structure at the front of a ship 
  （船）艏，艏柱noun countable 
from stem to stern US 
■from one end of something to the other    从头至尾
We overhauled the car from stem to stern.   我们把车从头到尾彻底检修了一遍。verb transitive (-mm-)
■to stop something unwanted from spreading or increasing    阻挡；阻止；遏制
These measures are designed to stem the rise of violent crime.   这些措施旨在遏制暴力犯罪增加。
We must take action to stem the tide of resignations.   我们必须采取行动制止愈演愈烈的辞职潮。
■to stop the flow of a liquid such as blood    堵住，止住（出血等）
She tied a handkerchief around the wound to stem the flow of blood.   她用手帕绑住伤口来止血。verb transitive (-mm-)
  Phrasal Verbs   stem from sth 
■to start or develop as the result of something    源自；由…造成
Her problems stem from her difficult childhood.   她的问题主要是由艰苦的童年生活造成。
Their disagreement stemmed from a misunderstanding.   他们的分歧源自误会。




★☆☆   stem cell 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a cell, especially one taken from a person or animal in a very early stage of development, that can develop into any other type of cell    干细胞



★☆☆   stench
—————————————————
noun 
countable usually singular 
■a strong unpleasant smell    恶臭，臭气
the stench of rotting fish/burning rubber/cigarette smoke   烂鱼的腥臭味／燃烧橡胶的刺鼻气味／难闻的烟味
an overpowering stench   强烈的恶臭
only singular literary 
■a bad effect that follows an unpleasant event or situation and is noticeable for a long time    恶劣影响；不良后果
For some time after the minister's resignation, the stench of scandal hung over the government.   部长辞职后的一段时间里，丑闻的恶劣影响仍然笼罩着政府。



★☆☆   stencil
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a piece of card, plastic, metal, etc. into which shapes have been cut, and which is used to draw or paint patterns onto a surface 
  （绘制或印刷图案用的）镂空范本
■a picture made by drawing or painting through the holes in such a piece of card, etc. onto a surface 
  （用镂空范本绘制或印刷的）图案，图画
She did a stencil of a rainbow on her daughter's bedroom wall.   她用镂空范本在女儿睡房的墙上画了一道彩虹。verb transitive (-ll- or US USUALLY -l-)
■to draw or paint something using a stencil    用镂空范本画



★☆☆   stenographer
—————————————————
UK US (US informal also steno) 
noun countable 
■a shorthand typist 



★☆☆   stenography
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■shorthand (= system of fast writing)    速记



★☆☆   stentorian
—————————————————
UK US  formal 
adjective 
■using a very loud voice, or (of a voice) very loud    大声的；（嗓音）洪亮的
a stentorian preacher   声若洪钟的牧师
Suddenly a stentorian voice boomed across the room.   突然，从房间那头传来洪亮的声音。



★☆☆   step-
—————————————————
prefix 
 ADVANCED  
■being of the stated relationship to someone through the previous marriage of their husband or wife, or through their mother or father marrying again 
  （因再婚形成的亲属关系）继…
stepfather   继父
stepmother   继母
stepchildren   继子女



★☆☆   step
—————————————————
verb intransitive + adverb or preposition (-pp-)
 ADVANCED  
■to move by lifting your foot and putting it down in a different place, or to put your foot on or in something    跨步，迈步；踩，踏
She stepped backwards and fell over a chair.   她向后退，撞到并摔倒在椅子上。
They stepped out onto the balcony.   他们走出房间，来到阳台上。
Be careful not to step in the mud.   小心，别踩进泥里。
Ow, you stepped on my foot!   噢，你踩到我的脚！
mainly US I'm afraid Mr Taylor has just stepped (= gone) out for a few minutes, but I'll tell him you called.   很抱歉，泰勒先生刚刚出去几分钟，我会告诉他你来过电话。
formal Would you care to step this way please, sir?   这边请，先生。verb intransitive + adverb or preposition (-pp-)
step back (in time) 
■to go back into the past    回到从前
Visiting her house was like stepping back in time/stepping back 50 years.   参观她的房子就像回到过去／50年前。verb intransitive + adverb or preposition (-pp-)
step into the breach 
■If you step into the breach, you do someone else's work when they are unable to do it    顶替他人工作，临时补缺
Gill's sudden illness meant that Kathy had to step into the breach.   吉尔突然生病，这意味着凯西不得不顶替他。verb intransitive + adverb or preposition (-pp-)
step on it informal 
■used to tell someone to drive faster or to hurry    加大油门，开快点；赶快
Could you step on it? I'm late.   你能开快点吗？我要迟到了。verb intransitive + adverb or preposition (-pp-)
step out of line 
■to behave in a way that is unacceptable or not expected    举止出轨，行为欠妥，越轨
Step out of line one more time Peters, and you're fired!   彼得斯，你再做一次越轨的事，就立刻离开！verb intransitive + adverb or preposition (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   step aside formal 
■to step sideways to make a space for someone else    靠边站，让开
Step aside, please - this lady needs a doctor.   请让一让——这位女士急须看医生。verb intransitive + adverb or preposition (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   step aside/down 
■to leave an important job or position, especially to allow someone else to take your place    退位；下台；（尤指）让位
He has decided to step down as captain of the team.   他决定不再当队长。
He is unwilling to step aside in favour of a younger person.   他不愿意让位给一个比他年轻的人。verb intransitive + adverb or preposition (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   step back mainly UK 
■to temporarily stop being involved in an activity or situation in order to think about it in a new way    退一步（考虑问题），跳出原来的圈子（看问题）
Let's just step back from the problem and think about what we could do.   我们暂时从问题中抽身出来，想想看我们能做甚么。verb intransitive + adverb or preposition (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] step sth down 
■to reduce the amount, supply or rate of something    减少，降低（数量、供应量或速率）
The doctor has said that I can start stepping down my medication in a few days' time.   医生说我几天后可以开始减少用药量。
This device is used for stepping down the voltage.   这个装置用来降低电压。verb intransitive + adverb or preposition (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   step forward 
■to offer to provide or do something, or to help with something    站出来；自告奋勇；挺身而出
No one has yet stepped forward to claim responsibility for the attack.   仍未有人站出来宣称对这次袭击事件负责。
At the last minute another company stepped forward with a bid.   最后关头，另一家公司站出来投标。verb intransitive + adverb or preposition (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   step in 
■to become involved in a difficult situation or argument in order to help find a solution    插手；介入；居中斡旋
[+ to infinitive] An outside buyer has stepped in to save the company from going out of business.   一个外来买主介入，使公司免于破产。
When the leading actress broke her leg, Isobel stepped in and took over.   女主角摔断了腿，伊索贝尔临时加入顶替她。verb intransitive + adverb or preposition (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   step into sth UK informal 
■If you step into a job, you get it very easily    轻松获得（工作）
He just stepped straight into a job as soon as he left college.   他大学一毕业，不费吹灰之力就找到工作。verb intransitive + adverb or preposition (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   step on sb informal 
■to treat someone unfairly or unkindly    不公平地对待（某人）；粗暴地对待（某人）verb intransitive + adverb or preposition (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   step out on sb US informal 
■If you step out on your husband, wife or usual sexual partner, you have sexual relationships with people other than them.    对（伴侣）不忠verb intransitive + adverb or preposition (-pp-)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] step sth up 
■to increase the size, amount or speed of a process that is intended to achieve something    增加（尺寸或数量）；加快（进程）的速度
The police are stepping up their efforts to fight crime.   警方正在加强打击犯罪活动。
Following the bomb explosion, security has been stepped up at the airport.   炸弹爆炸事件之后，机场加强了安全措施。noun 
STAGE  阶段  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a stage in a process    步骤；阶段
What's the next step in the programme?   这个企划的下一步是甚么？
We must stay one step ahead of our competitors.   我们必须领先我们的竞争对手一步。
Most people believe that the decision to cut interest rates was a step in the right direction.   大多数人相信降低利率是朝正确方向迈出的一步。
Let's take things a step] one step at a time (= slowly).   我们一步一步来。
Following the success of our products in Europe, our logical next step is to move into the American market.   随着我们的产品在欧洲获得成功，打入美国市场便顺理成章地成为我们的下一步。
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■an action in a series of actions taken for a particular purpose 
  （一系列行动中的）一步；措施
The country is taking its first tentative steps towards democracy.   这个国家正朝着民主迈出尝试性的第一步。
We need to take drastic steps to reduce pollution.   我们需要采取严厉措施以减少污染。
The President took the unusual step of altering his prepared speech in order to condemn the terrorist attack.   总统为了谴责恐怖攻击，采取了极不寻常的做法，临时更改了事先准备好的讲稿。
step by step 
■dealing with one thing and then another thing in a fixed order    逐步地，按部就班地，循序渐进地
step-by-step instructions   逐步讲解的使用说明
Don't worry - I'll go through the procedure with you step by step.   别担心——我会和你一起一步一步地把整套程式说一遍。
  Common Learner Errors   step   Warning: Choose the right verb!   Don't say 'make a step', say take a step :
✗ He made an important step towards achieving his dream.   He took an important step towards achieving his dream.noun 
STAIR  梯级  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■one of the surfaces that you walk on when you go up or down stairs    台阶，梯级
a flight of steps   一段台阶
We had to climb some steps to reach the front door.   我们得爬上几级台阶才能到大门前。
I asked them to leave the parcel on the (front) step (= outside the door to the house).   我叫他们把包裹放在门口。
UKMind the step] USWatch your step as you leave the train.   下火车时请小心脚下。
It's difficult for people in wheelchairs to negotiate (= move up and down) steps.   坐轮椅的人上下楼梯很困难。
One of the steps on the ladder is broken.   梯子上有一阶坏了。
steps [plural] 
■another word for stepladder    stepladder 的另一种说法
kitchen steps   厨房用梯凳
library steps   图书馆用折叠梯noun 
FOOT MOVEMENT  脚的动作  
 ADVANCED  countable 
■the act of lifting one foot and putting it down on a different part of the ground, such as when you walk or run    迈步；脚步
Sophie took her first steps when she was eleven months old.   苏菲11个月大时迈出了第一步。
He rose to his feet and took a couple of steps towards her.   他站起身来，朝她的方向走了几步。
With every step, her feet hurt her more and more.   每走一步，她的双脚就痛得更厉害。
I retraced my steps, looking for my lost keys.   我原路折返，寻找丢失的锁匙。
⇨ See also footstep
countable 
■the distance you cover when you take a step    一步（的距离）
I'd only gone a few steps down the road when I realized I'd forgotten to lock the door.   我刚向前走了几步就意识到我忘记锁门。
uncountable 
■the way in which you move your feet when you are walking or running which can sometimes show how you are feeling    步态；步伐
She walked out of the office with a spring in her step (= in a way that showed she was happy).   她迈着轻快的步伐走出办公室。
The driver told us to mind/watch our step (= walk carefully) as we got off the bus.   我们下公车时，司机提醒我们当心脚。
countable 
■a particular movement that you make with your feet when you dance    舞步
She's teaching me some basic dance steps.   她在教我一些基本舞步。
in step 
■when you lift your feet off the ground and put them down again at the same time as other people    齐步，步伐一致
■1. The soldiers marched in step.


step 1	 士兵齐步前进。
■* describes opinions, ideas or ways of living that are the same as those of other people 
  （意见、观点或生活方式）合拍，协调，一致
Television companies need to keep in step with public opinion.   电视公司需要顺应民意。
out of step 
■when you do not lift the same foot and put it down again at the same time as other people    不合节拍，步伐错乱
I'm no good at dancing - I always get hopelessly out of step.   我不擅长跳舞——总是踩不到点上。
■describes opinions, ideas or ways of living that are different from those of other people 
  （意见、观点或生活方式）不合拍，不一致，不协调
The Republicans are out of step with the country, Williams said.   威廉斯说，共和党员和国家的立场有所捍格。
He thinks that everyone is out of step except him.   他认为只有他是对的，其他所有人都是错的。noun 
MUSIC  音乐  
countable US for 
■a tone (= largest difference in sound between two notes which are next to each other in the western musical scale)    音阶（一种音调，即西方音阶中相邻两个音符之间声音的最大差异）noun 
a few/couple of steps informal 
■a short distance    几步路
The museum is just a few steps from the hotel.   博物馆距离饭店只有几步之遥。noun 
mind/watch your step 
■be careful about how you behave, or you will get into trouble    注意自己的行为，小心点
You need to watch your step, young lady!   请注意你的行为，小姐！noun 
one step forward , two steps back 
■If you take one step forward, two steps back, you make progress but then experience events which cause you to be further behind than you were when you made the progress.    进一步，退两步noun 
a step backwards (also a backward step) 
■going back to a worse or less developed state    退步，倒退
The changes that have been introduced are being seen as a step backwards.   这些被引入的变革被视为一种倒退。noun 
a step forward 
■an improvement or development    进步，改进
No one is sure whether this plan will work, but it's a step forward.   没人敢确定这个计划是否会奏效，但它确实是一个进步。



★☆☆   step aerobics
—————————————————
(also step) 
noun uncountable 
■a type of exercise usually done to music in which you quickly step on and off a slightly raised surface    有氧踏板操，台阶健身操



★☆☆   stepbrother
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■not your parents' son, but the son of a person that one of your parents has married    继兄；继弟    Compare half-brother



★☆☆   step change 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■when a situation changes in a much bigger way than usual    大跃进（某一情况的变化比正常大得多）
There is a step change taking place in communications technology.   通讯技术取得了较大的变化。



★☆☆   stepchild
—————————————————
 (plural stepchildren)
noun countable 
■the child of your husband or wife from a previous marriage    继子；继女



★☆☆   stepdad
—————————————————
noun countable    US informal for 
■stepfather



★☆☆   stepdaughter
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the daughter of your husband or wife from a previous marriage    继女



★☆☆   stepfather
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the man who is married to someone's mother but who is not their real father    继父



★☆☆   stepladder
—————————————————
UK US (UK also steps) 
noun countable 
■a short, folding platform with steps    折叠梯，梯凳，高凳
I can't reach the top shelf unless I use a stepladder.   不用梯凳，我碰不到书架顶层。



★☆☆   stepmother
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the woman who is married to someone's father but who is not their real mother    继母



★☆☆   stepmum
—————————————————
 UK for (US stepmom) 
noun countable informal 
■stepmother    继母



★☆☆   step-parent
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the man or woman who is married to someone's mother or father but who is not their real father or mother    继父；继母



★☆☆   steppe
—————————————————
noun countable usually plural uncountable 
■a large area of land with grass but no trees, especially in southeastern Europe, Russia and northern Asia 
  （尤指东南欧、俄罗斯和亚洲北部无树的）干草原，大草原
These people have lived for centuries on the Russian steppes.   这些人已经在俄罗斯大草原上居住了几个世纪。



★☆☆   stepping stone 
—————————————————
noun 
STONE  石头  
 countable 
■one of a row of large flat stones on which you can walk in order to cross a stream or river that is not deep 
  （溪流或河流中的）踏脚石，垫脚石noun 
STAGE  台阶  
only singular 
■an event or experience that helps you achieve something else    进身之阶；敲门砖，垫脚石 ； 跳板
I see this job just as a stepping stone to better things.   我只不过把这份工作当作找到更好工作的垫脚石。



★☆☆   stepsister
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■not your parents' daughter, but the daughter of a person one of your parents has married    继姊；继妹    Compare half-sister



★☆☆   stepson
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the son of your husband or wife from a previous marriage    继子



★☆☆   stereo
—————————————————
UK noun 
uncountable 
■a way of recording or playing sound so that it is separated into two signals and produces more natural sound    立体声
The concert will be broadcast in stereo.   音乐会将用立体声播放。
 countable 
■a piece of electrical equipment for playing CDs and tapes, listening to the radio, etc. that sounds very natural because the sounds come out of two speakers (= parts for playing sound)    立体声音响，立体声唱机



★☆☆   stereotype
—————————————————
 disapproving 
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a fixed idea that people have about what someone or something is like, especially an idea that is wrong 
  （尤指错误的）刻板印象，老套俗见，成见
racial/sexual stereotypes   陈旧的种族偏见／性别成见
He doesn't conform to/fit/fill the national stereotype of a Frenchman.   他不符合一般人心目中法国人的形象。
The characters in the book are just stereotypes.   书中的人物毫无新意。 disapproving 
verb transitive 
■to have a fixed idea about what a particular type of person is like, especially an idea that is wrong    对…形成刻板的看法；（尤指）对…有成见
The study claims that British advertising stereotypes women.   这项研究声称英国的广告对女性抱有成见。
We tried not to give the children sexually stereotyped toys.   我们尽量不给孩子玩带有性别成见的玩具。



★☆☆   stereotypical
—————————————————
 disapproving 
adjective 
■having the qualities that you expect a particular type of person to have    刻板印象的；类型化的
Customers are tired of the stereotypical, fast-talking salesperson.   顾客对千篇一律的口若悬河的推销员已经厌烦透了。



★☆☆   sterile
—————————————————
UK adjective 
UNABLE TO PRODUCE  不能生育的  
■(of a living being) unable to produce young, or (of land) unable to produce plants or crops 
  （生物）不育的；（土地）贫瘠的，不长作物的
Mules are usually sterile.   骡子通常无法生育。
One of the side effects of the drug could be to make men sterile.   这种药物的副作用之一是可能会导致男性不孕。
■having no imagination or new ideas or energy    缺乏想像力的；了无新意的；无生气的
a sterile argument   毫无新意的论点UK adjective 
CLEAN  干净的  
■completely clean and free from dirt and bacteria    消过毒的，无菌的
The operation must be carried out under sterile conditions.   手术必须在无菌条件下进行。



★☆☆   sterility
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■(in animals and people) the condition of being unable to produce young, or (in plants) the condition of being unable to produce plants or crops 
  （动物或人的）不孕；（植物的）不结果
■when you have no imagination, new ideas or energy    枯燥乏味；毫无新意；无生气
Over a bottle of wine, we shared our despair over the emotional sterility of our marriages.   我们喝着葡萄酒，互相倾诉对婚姻索然无味的绝望。



★☆☆   sterilization
—————————————————
(UK usually sterilisation) [&#x2CC;ster.&#x26A;.la&#x26A;'ze&#x26A;.&#x283;&#x259;n]
noun uncountable 
STOP CHILDREN  绝育  
■the process of having a medical operation to make it impossible to have children    绝育； 结扎
My wife and I have discussed sterilization, but we haven't made a decision about it yet.   我和妻子商量过结扎，不过我们还没有拿定主意。(UK usually sterilisation) [&#x2CC;ster.&#x26A;.la&#x26A;'ze&#x26A;.&#x283;&#x259;n]
noun uncountable 
CLEANING  消毒  
■the process of making something completely clean and free from bacteria    消毒，灭菌
The needles have been sent off for sterilization.   那些针头送去消毒了。



★☆☆   sterilize
—————————————————
(UK usually sterilise) ['ster.&#x26A;.la&#x26A;z]
verb transitive 
STOP CHILDREN  绝育  
■to perform a medical operation on someone in order to make them unable to have children    为…做结扎手术，使绝育
After having five children, she decided to be sterilized.   生了五个孩子之后，她决定去做结扎手术。(UK usually sterilise) ['ster.&#x26A;.la&#x26A;z]
verb transitive 
CLEAN  消毒  
■to make something completely clean and free from bacteria    为…消毒，使无菌
All equipment must be sterilized before use.   所有设备使用前都要消毒。



★☆☆   sterilizer
—————————————————
(UK usually steriliser) UK noun countable 
■a machine for making things completely clean and free from bacteria    消毒器，灭菌器



★☆☆   sterilizing
—————————————————
(UK usually sterilizing) ['ster.&#x26A;.la&#x26A;.z&#x26A;&#x14B;]
adjective 
■making something completely clean and free from bacteria    消毒的，灭菌的
I put my contact lenses in sterilizing solution every night.   我每天晚上都要把隐形眼镜浸在消毒药水中。



★☆☆   sterling
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■British money    英国货币，英镑
The value of sterling increased against several other currencies yesterday.   昨天英镑对其他几种货币的比值有所上升。
If you buy things on the plane, you can either pay for them in pounds sterling (= British pounds) or in US dollars.   在飞机上买东西，既可以付英镑，也可以付美元。UK adjective 
METAL  金属  
■(of precious metal, especially silver) of a fixed standard of purity 
  （贵金属，尤指银）标准纯度的
a sterling silver candlestick   纯银烛台UK adjective 
VERY GOOD  杰出的     approving 
■of a very high standard    杰出的，优秀的；令人赞赏的
You've done a sterling job.   你做得非常好。
Everyone has made a sterling effort.   每个人都作出了出色的努力。



★☆☆   stern
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■severe, or showing disapproval    严厉的，苛刻的
a stern look/warning/voice   严厉的目光／警告／语气
She is her own sternest critic.   她对自己非常苛刻。
Journalists received a stern warning not to go anywhere near the battleship.   记者受到严厉警告，不得靠近军舰。
■If something, such as a job, is stern, it is difficult 
  （工作等）严峻的，棘手的
The President is facing the sternest test of his authority since he came to power five years ago.   总统的威严正面临着上任五年以来最严峻的考验。UK adjective 
made of sterner stuff 
■If someone is described as being made of sterner stuff, they are very strong and determined    坚强的，坚毅的
I was ready to give up the fight, but Nicky was made of sterner stuff and wanted us to carry on.   我准备放弃争取了，但是尼基非常坚定，要我们坚持下去。UK noun countable 
■the back part of a ship or boat    船尾；艉    Compare bow



★☆☆   sternly
—————————————————
UK adverb 
■in a way that shows disapproval    严厉地，苛刻地
"This kind of behaviour is not acceptable, " said the teacher sternly.   “这种行为是绝不允许的。”老师严厉地说。



★☆☆   sternum
—————————————————
UK US  (plural sternums or sterna)    specialized 
noun countable 
■a breastbone 



★☆☆   steroid
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■one of the different types of chemical substances that are produced in the body    类固醇
■an artificial form of a natural chemical substance which is used for treating particular medical conditions 
  （人工合成的用于治疗某些疾病的）类固醇
I'm taking steroids/I'm on steroids for my asthma.   我正在服用类固醇治我的哮喘。
■a drug which increases the development of your muscles, sometimes taken illegally by people taking part in sports competitions 
  （有时被运动员违规服用的用于促使肌肉发达的）类固醇



★☆☆   stethoscope
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a piece of medical equipment which doctors use to listen to your heart and lungs    听诊器



★☆☆   Stetson
—————————————————
 trademark 
noun countable 
■a hat with a wide, curving lower edge, especially worn by cowboys 
  （尤为牛仔所戴的）斯泰森毡帽 ； 宽边帽



★☆☆   stevedore
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a docker 



★☆☆   stew
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■a type of food consisting usually of meat or fish and vegetables cooked slowly in a small amount of liquid 
  （通常由肉或鱼加蔬菜制成的）炖菜，焖菜
lamb/bean/fish stew   炖羊肉／豆子／鱼
She prepared a hearty stew for dinner.   她为晚餐准备了一道丰盛的炖菜。UK noun countable or uncountable 
in a stew informal 
■If someone is in a stew, they are in a difficult situation which causes them to feel worried or upset    坐立不安；心烦意乱
William is in a stew about/over the demand he received from the tax office.   威廉正在为收到税务署的传唤而坐立不安。UK verb 
transitive 
■to cook meat, fish, vegetables or fruit slowly and gently in a little liquid    炖，煨，用文火煮
intransitive informal 
■to be angry    生气，发火
You're not still stewing about what happened yesterday, are you?   你不会还在为昨天的事生气吧？
intransitive UK 
■to do nothing useful    消磨时间，无所事事
With jobs so scarce, many young people spend long hours with little to do but drink and stew.   工作机会很少，许多年轻人除了喝酒和消磨时间外，整天无所事事。UK verb 
stew (in your own juice) informal 
■to think about or suffer the results of your own silly actions, without anyone giving you any help    反省自己做过的蠢事；自作自受



★☆☆   steward
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person whose job it is to organize a particular event, or to provide services to particular people, or to take care of a particular place 
  （特定活动的）组织者，操办者；服务员；管家；管理员
Stewards will be inspecting the race track at 9.00.   执事将在九点钟检查跑道。
If you need help at any time during the conference, one of the stewards will be pleased to help you.   会议期间，您任何时候需要帮助，服务人员都会很乐意为您效劳。
■(female stewardess) 
■a person who serves passengers on a ship or aircraft 
  （轮船或飞机的）服务员
■UK 
■a person who organizes the supply and serving of food at a club 
  （俱乐部的）餐饮经理，餐饮主管
He's the steward of the City of Wakefield's Working Men's Club.   他是韦克菲尔德市工人俱乐部的餐饮主管。



★☆☆   stewardship
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■Someone's stewardship of something is the way in which that person controls or organizes it    管理方法；组织方式
The company has been very successful while it has been under the stewardship of Mr White.   这家公司在怀特先生的管理下，营业状况非常好。



★☆☆   stewed
—————————————————
UK adjective    UK 
■describes tea that has been kept too long before it is poured, and is therefore strong and bitter 
  （茶）泡得太浓的，泡苦了的
mainly US informal    * drunk



★☆☆   stewing/braising steak
—————————————————
UK 
noun uncountable 
■meat from cattle which is usually cut into small pieces and cooked slowly in liquid    适合炖煮的牛肉



★☆☆   sth 
—————————————————
■written abbreviation for    * something



★☆☆   sth's 
—————————————————
■written abbreviation for    * something's



★☆☆   stick
—————————————————
noun 
THIN PIECE  细条  
 ESSENTIAL  countable 
■a thin piece of wood    枝条；木条，木棍
The old man was carrying a load of sticks.   那个老人抱着一捆树枝。
Police said that the child had been beaten with a stick.   警方说那个孩子被人用木棍打了。
Find some dry sticks and we'll make a campfire.   找些干树枝，我们来生营火。
A lollipop is a sweet on a stick (= a short thin piece of wood, plastic or paper).   棒棒糖是一团裹在小棍上的糖。
 IMPROVER  countable mainly UK 
■a long, thin wooden pole that especially old or injured people use to help them walk 
  （尤指长者或伤者用的）手杖，拐杖
a walking stick   拐杖
At 84 he's still quite active, although he walks with the aid of a stick.   他84岁了，虽然走路需要拄着拐杖，可仍旧非常硬朗。
countable 
■a long thin piece of wood with a curved end used in playing hockey , or a long thin piece of wood with a triangular shaped net at one end used for playing lacrosse , or a long thin piece of wood with a solid tube-shaped piece fixed horizontally to one end of it used for playing polo 
  （曲棍球或长曲棍球）球棍；（马球）球杆
a hockey/lacrosse/polo stick   曲棍球球棍／长曲棍球球棍／马球球杆
countable 
■a long thin piece of something    条状物；棍状物
carrot/bread sticks   胡萝卜条／面包棍
a stick of celery/rhubarb/chewing gum/chalk/dynamite   一根芹菜／一棵大黄／一片口香糖／一根粉笔／一根炸药
countable informal 
■a piece of furniture    一件家俱
When they got married, they didn't have a stick of furniture.   他们结婚时，一件家俱都没有。
take a stick to sb/sth 
■to hit someone or something with a long thin piece of wood    用木棍打，对…棍棒相向
He said that when he was a boy, his father used to take a stick to him to punish him.   他说他小时候，他爸爸经常用棍子惩罚他。noun 
CRITICISM  批评  
uncountable UK informal 
■severe criticism    指责，苛责；批评
I really got/took stick from my boss about being late for work again.   我因为上班又迟到了，被老板狠狠数落一顿。
We gave him some stick for wearing that silly hat.   他戴着那顶愚蠢透顶的帽子，被我们批评了一顿。noun 
COUNTRYSIDE  乡村  
the sticks [plural] informal disapproving 
■an area in the countryside which is far from a town or city    偏僻乡村，偏远地区
I'm fed up with living in the sticks.   我受够了穷乡僻壤的生活。
They live out in the sticks somewhere.   他们住在某个偏远的地方。noun 
a stick to beat sb with UK 
■something that you can use to criticize, influence or cause difficulty for someone or something you dislike or disapprove of 
  （某人）的把柄，（某人）的痛处
The party has a number of sticks with which to beat the prime minister into submission.   该政党手里握有首相的几个把柄，可以迫使他屈服。noun 
Sticks and stones may break my bones , (but words can never hurt me). child's expression 
■said in order to show that people cannot be hurt by unpleasant things that are said to them    棍棒和石头可能会打断我的骨头（但言语伤害不了我）。noun 
up sticks UK (US pull up stakes) informal 
■to take all the things that you own and go and live in a different place    迁居别处，搬家
This is the fourth time in five years that we've had to up sticks.   这已经是五年中我们第四次不得不搬家了。verb (stuck, stuck)
FIX  固定  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to cause something to become fixed, for example with glue or another similar substance    黏住，黏贴；固定住
I tried to stick the pieces together with some glue/tape.   我想用胶水／胶带把这些物件黏在一起。
He stuck up a notice on the board with pins.   他用大头针把告示钉在布告栏上。
This glue won't stick.   这种胶水黏不牢。
My car's stuck in the mud.   我的车陷在泥里。
Stir the sauce so that it doesn't stick to the pan.   不断搅拌酱汁，以免黏锅。
My book got wet and all the pages have stuck together.   我的书湿了，书页都黏在一起。    Compare non-stick ; stuck 
intransitive 
■If a name sticks, it continues to be used 
  （名字）继续使用的，保持不变的
Although her name is Clare, her little sister called her Lali, and somehow the name stuck.   虽然她的名字是克莱尔，她的妹妹却叫她拉莉，不知怎么的，这个名字就叫开了。verb (stuck, stuck)
PUT  放  
 ADVANCED  transitive usually + adverb or preposition informal 
■to put something, especially in a not very careful way 
  （尤指随意）放置，放
"Where shall I put these books?" "Oh, just stick them on the table for now."   “我该把这些书放在哪里？” “噢，就先放在桌子上吧。”
She stuck her fingers in her ears so that she couldn't hear the noise.   她用手指塞住耳朵，这样就听不到那些噪音了。
I'll pay for lunch - I can stick it on my expenses.   午餐我来请客——我可以把它算入报账费用。
transitive usually + adverb or preposition offensive 
■If you tell someone to stick something or where they can stick something, it means that you do not want to keep that thing    不想接受
"I've had enough of working here, " she said, "You can stick your job!"   “我这里要做的事已经够多了，”她说，“你的工作自己留着吧！”verb (stuck, stuck)
PUSH INTO  推入  
intransitive or transitive [usually + adv/prep] 
■to push a pointed object into or through something, or (of a pointed object) to be pushed into or through something and stay there 
  （把）（尖物）刺进，插进；戳
She stuck the needle into my arm.   她把针头扎进我的手臂。
We decided where to go for our holiday by closing our eyes and sticking a pin in the map.   我们闭上眼睛，用大头针往地图上插，这样决定了我们去哪里度假。
A thorn stuck in her finger.   她的手指扎了一根刺。
The metal springs were sticking through the mattress.   金属弹簧穿透垫子，露了出来。verb (stuck, stuck)
NOT CONTINUE  不继续  
intransitive 
■In some card games, if you stick, you say that you do not want to be given any more cards. 
  （牌戏中）不再要牌verb (stuck, stuck)
ACCEPT  忍受  
transitive UK informal 
■to bear or accept something or someone unpleasant    容忍，忍受
I don't think I can stick this job a day longer.   我认为这份工作我一天也忍受不下去了。
[+ -ing verb] I don't know how you can stick living in this place.   我不知道你住在这样的地方，怎么能受得了。verb (stuck, stuck)
make sth stick informal 
■to show something bad that has been said about someone is true    证明（陈述）真实；证明（指控）成立
They've arrested him for fraud but they'll never make the charges stick.   他们以诈骗罪逮捕了他，但将无法证明这些指控成立。verb (stuck, stuck)
stick in your mind/head/memory informal 
■to remember something    铭刻在（某人）的脑海里verb (stuck, stuck)
stick in your throat/craw 
■to make you angry    令（某人）气愤
It really sticks in my throat that I did all the work, and she's getting all the credit.   所有工作都是我做的，但功劳全都归她，这令我很恼火。verb (stuck, stuck)
stick to sb like glue informal 
■to stay very close to someone    黏着某人
Ellie stuck to her mother like glue.   艾莉像胶水一样黏着妈妈。verb (stuck, stuck)
stick to sb's ribs 
■If you describe food as sticking to your ribs, you mean that it makes you feel like you have eaten a lot. 
  （食物）撑饱，吃后感觉很饱verb (stuck, stuck)
  Phrasal Verbs   stick around informal 
■to stay somewhere for a period of time    逗留，停留
You go - I'll stick around here a bit longer.   你走吧——我在这里再留一会儿。verb (stuck, stuck)
  Phrasal Verbs   stick at sth (also stick to/with sth) UK 
 ADVANCED  
■to continue trying hard to do something difficult    继续努力做，坚持做
You'll never learn to play the piano if you're not prepared to stick at it.   如果你不打算持之以恒的话，你永远也学不会弹钢琴。verb (stuck, stuck)
  Phrasal Verbs   stick by sth/sb 
■to continue to support something or someone, especially in a difficult situation 
  （尤指困境中）继续支持（某人），对（某人）不离不弃
We must stick by our decision.   我们必须坚持我们的决定。verb (stuck, stuck)
  Phrasal Verbs   stick out 
 ADVANCED  
■to go past the surface or edge of something    探出，露出，凸出
Paul's ears stick out a bit, don't they.   保罗的耳朵有点招风耳，是吧？
There was a handkerchief sticking out of his jacket pocket.   他的外套口袋露出了手帕的一角。
■informal 
■to be very easy to notice    显眼，突出
She certainly sticks out in a crowd.   她在人群中很显眼。verb (stuck, stuck)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] stick (sth) out 
 ADVANCED  
■to come forward from the rest of your body, or to make part of your body do this 
  （使）探出，（使）伸出，（使）凸出   


stick 1	1. Mum, Lewis stuck out his tongue at me!
 妈妈，路易士向我吐舌头。
He stuck his arm out of the window and waved at us.   他从窗口伸出手臂，朝我们挥手。
I wish my stomach didn't stick out so much.   我真希望我的肚腩没这么明显。
stick your neck out 
■to take a risk    冒险verb (stuck, stuck)
  Phrasal Verbs   stick it out informal 
■to continue to the end of a difficult or unpleasant situation    坚持到底；忍受下去，挺住
I know things are difficult at the moment, but if we just stick it out, I'm sure everything will be OK in the end.   我知道现在情况很艰难，但只要我们能坚持下去，我敢保证最后一切都会顺利的。verb (stuck, stuck)
  Phrasal Verbs   stick out for sth UK 
■to continue to demand or try to get something    坚持要求；坚决要得到
The unions have said that they are going to stick out for a 10% rise.   工会声称会坚持要求10%的加薪。verb (stuck, stuck)
  Phrasal Verbs   stick to sth 
 ADVANCED  
■to limit yourself to doing or using one particular thing and not change to anything else    坚持，固守；忠于
Could you stick to the point, please?   请不要离题，好吗？
We'd better stick to the main road, because the other roads are blocked with snow.   我们最好沿着干道走，因为其他的路都被雪封住了。
■If you stick to a law, rule or promise, you obey it or do what it states    遵守（法律或规则）；信守（承诺）
If you make a promise, you should stick to it.   如果你作出了承诺，就必须遵守。
■US for 
■stick at sth 
stick to your guns 
■to continue to have your beliefs or continue with a plan of action, even if other people disagree with you    坚持信念；坚持既定的行动
Despite harsh criticism, she's sticking to her guns on this issue.   尽管倍受诟病，她在这件事上仍旧坚持自己的立场。verb (stuck, stuck)
  Phrasal Verbs   stick together 
 ADVANCED  informal 
■If people stick together, they support and help each other    互相扶持，团结一致
The country's Foreign Minister said that it was important for small nations to stick together.   该国外交部长称，小国之间互相扶持是至关重要的事。
■If people stick together, they stay close to each other    在一起
The two brothers always stick together at school.   他们兄弟俩在学校里总是形影不离。verb (stuck, stuck)
  Phrasal Verbs   stick up 
■to point up above the surface of something and not lie flat    竖起；向上伸出
When I get up in the morning, my hair is always sticking up.   我早上起床的时候，头发总是翘着。
There were some large rocks sticking up out of the water.   有一些大石头突出水面。verb (stuck, stuck)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] stick sth/sb up mainly US informal 
■to steal from a place or person, using a gun as a threat    持枪抢劫
Did you hear that someone stuck up the post office last night?   你听说昨晚有人持枪抢劫邮局吗？
⇨ See also stick-upverb (stuck, stuck)
  Phrasal Verbs   stick up for sth/sb informal 
■to support or defend someone or something, especially when they are being criticized    支持，捍卫，维护（尤指受到批评的人或物）
I can stick up for myself.   我能维护自己。
It's sweet the way he sticks up for his little brother.   他维护他幼弟的样子真讨人喜欢。verb (stuck, stuck)
  Phrasal Verbs   stick with sth/sb informal 
 ADVANCED  
■to continue doing something or using someone to do work for you, and not stopping or changing to something or someone else    坚持做；继续任用（某人）
He said that he was going to stick with the traditions established by his grandfather.   他说他会继续坚持他爷爷立下的传统。
He's a good car mechanic - I think we should stick with him.   他是个不错的汽车技师——我认为我们应该继续用他。
stick with it 
■to continue doing something although it is difficult    坚持下去
Things are hard at the moment, but if we stick with it, they are bound to get better.   目前情况困难，但如果我们坚持下去，肯定会有所好转。




★☆☆   sticker
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a small piece of paper or plastic with a picture or writing on one side and glue or another similar substance on the other side, so that it will fasten to a surface    黏贴标签；贴纸
a bumper/window sticker   保险杆／车窗贴纸
Sophie's notebook is covered with stickers.   苏菲的笔记本上贴满了贴纸。
There were two different price stickers on the shoes I wanted to buy.   我想买的那双鞋上贴了两个不同的标签。



★☆☆   sticker price
—————————————————
US 
noun countable 
■the official price of something such as a car, given by its maker 
  （汽车等由厂商给出的）标价
I got my truck for $2000 less than the sticker price.   我的货车是以低于标价2000美元的价格买下的。



★☆☆   stick figure
—————————————————
(also matchstick figure) 
noun countable 
■a simple picture of a person in which the head is drawn as a circle and the body, arms and legs are drawn as lines    人物线条画； 棒线画（头部为圆圈、其他部位均为单线条）



★☆☆   stickiness
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the quality of being sticky (= staying fixed to any surface that is touched)    黏性



★☆☆   sticking plaster
—————————————————
UK (US trademark Band-Aid) 
noun countable or uncountable 
■a piece of material that you can put over a small cut in the skin in order to protect it and keep it clean    护创（伤口）胶布，创可贴； 橡皮膏
Timmy had sticking plasters on both knees.   蒂米两个膝盖上都贴着胶布。



★☆☆   sticking-plaster
—————————————————
UK US UK disapproving 
adjective [before noun] 
■dealing with a problem in a temporary and unsatisfactory way    敷衍了事的，应付的
a sticking-plaster approach/solution/measure   应付的做法／解决方法／措施
sticking-plaster politics   敷衍了事的策略



★☆☆   sticking point 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■A sticking point in a discussion is a point on which it is not possible to reach an agreement 
  （讨论的）阻塞点，分歧点；症结
Exactly how the land is to be divided up is the main sticking point of the peace talks.   土地究竟该如何分割是和谈的主要分歧点。



★☆☆   stick insect 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a large insect with a long thin body and legs    竹节虫
She's as thin as a stick insect.   她瘦得像竹节虫似的。



★☆☆   stick-in-the-mud
—————————————————
 informal disapproving 
noun countable 
■someone who is old-fashioned, too serious and avoids enjoying themselves    古板守旧者；墨守成规的人
My dad's a real stick-in-the-mud.   我爸爸古板得要命。



★☆☆   stickleback
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small fish which has sharp points along its back    刺鱼



★☆☆   stickler
—————————————————
UK US informal 
noun countable 
■a person who thinks that a particular type of behaviour is very important, and always follows it or tries to make other people follow it    非常注重（某种行为）的人；固守…的人
He's a stickler for detail/accuracy/efficiency.   他非常注重细节／精确性／效率。



★☆☆   stick of rock
—————————————————
UK 
noun countable 
■a long hard cylindrical sweet    糖棍



★☆☆   stick-on
—————————————————
UK adjective [before noun] 
■describes something that has glue on one side of it, so that it can fix to a surface    背面涂有黏胶的；可黏贴的
a stick-on label   可黏贴标签
I got some stick-on soles for my shoes, but they keep coming off.   我有一些可黏贴鞋底，但老是掉下来。



★☆☆   stick shift 
—————————————————
noun countable    US for 
■gear lever 



★☆☆   stick-to-it-iveness
—————————————————
 US informal 
noun uncountable 
■the ability and determination to continue doing something despite difficulties    坚忍不拔；不屈不挠



★☆☆   stick-up
—————————————————
 old-fashioned informal 
noun countable 
■the act of threatening someone with a gun in order to steal from them    持枪抢劫
Two men ran into the bank, shouting "This is a stick-up!"   两名男子冲进银行，大叫“抢劫！”



★☆☆   sticky
—————————————————
adjective 
NOT DRY/SMOOTH  黏性的  
 ADVANCED  
■made of or covered with a substance that stays fixed to any surface it touches    黏性的；黏的；涂有黏胶的
sticky tape   黏胶带
sticky fingers   黏乎乎的手指
The floor's still sticky where I spilled the juice.   我把果汁洒到地上，现在那里还黏乎乎的。
The children's faces were sticky with chocolate.   孩子们的脸上沾满了巧克力，黏乎乎的。    Compare non-stick ; stuck 
■If the weather is sticky, it is very hot and the air feels wet. 
  （天气）湿热的，闷热的adjective 
DIFFICULT  困难的     informal 
■difficult    困难的，棘手的
There were a few sticky moments during the meeting, but everything turned out all right in the end.   会议过程中有几处困难，但最后总算是一切顺利。adjective 
NOT WILLING  不愿意的     UK informal 
■unwilling to agree    持有异议的，抱不合作态度的
Their bank manager was sticky about lending them the money they wanted to borrow.   他们的银行经理不愿意借给他们那笔钱。adjective 
come to/ meet a sticky end UK humorous 
■to die in an unpleasant way    死于非命，横死
He comes to a sticky end halfway through the film.   电影演到一半的时候，他死于非命。adjective 
have sticky fingers informal 
■to be likely to steal    好偷东西，喜欢顺手牵羊
The last person we hired in the shop turned out to have sticky fingers.   我们店里上次雇的那个人手脚不干净。



★☆☆   sticky tape 
—————————————————
noun uncountable    UK informal for 
■Sellotape 



★☆☆   sticky wicket
—————————————————
UK 
noun countable usually singular 
■a difficult situation    困境
This is something of a sticky wicket you've got us into.   你令我们陷入困境。



★☆☆   stiff
—————————————————
adjective 
FIRM  硬的  
 ADVANCED  
■firm or hard    硬的，挺的，坚实的
stiff cardboard   硬纸板
a stiff collar   硬领
His clothes were stiff with dried mud.   他衣服上的泥巴干了，硬邦邦的。
This hair spray has made my hair stiff.   这种发胶使我的头发变硬。
Mix the powder and water into a stiff paste.   把粉末和水混合成稠糊。
 ADVANCED  
■not easily bent or moved    不易弯曲的；不易活动的
The handle on this door is rather stiff.   这扇门的把手相当紧。
The man's body was (as) stiff as a board when it was found in the snow.   这名男子在雪地里被找到时，他的身体已经僵硬了。
■If you are stiff or part of your body is stiff, your muscles hurt when they are moved 
  （人或身体部位）僵硬的，僵直的
Sitting still at a computer terminal all day can give you a stiff neck.   在电脑前一动不动地坐上一整天，会令人颈部僵直。adjective 
NOT RELAXED  不放松的  
■behaving in a way that is formal and not relaxed    拘谨的，局促的，生硬的
The general is a tall man with steel spectacles and a stiff, rather pompous manner.   将军是个戴着金属框眼镜的高个男子，态度生硬，相当傲慢。adjective 
SEVERE  严厉的  
■severe and difficult    严厉的，严格的；艰难的
The athlete was given a stiff punishment for using drugs.   这名运动员因服用违禁药物受到严厉惩罚。
They are campaigning for stiffer penalties for people who drink and drive.   他们正进行游说活动，要求对酒后驾车人士处以更严厉的惩罚。
There has been stiff opposition/resistance to the proposed tax increases.   增加税收的提案遭到强烈反对／抵制。
It's a stiff climb to the top of the hill.   要爬上山顶很费劲。
Some college courses have stiffer entry requirements than others.   有些大学课程比其他课程有更严格的入门资格要求。
Both companies are worried about losing business in the face of stiff competition.   两家公司都担心在激烈的竞争中损失生意。
a stiff breeze/wind 
■a strong wind    强风
a stiff drink/brandy/gin, etc. 
■an alcoholic drink that is very strong    烈性酒／白兰地／杜松子酒等
A stiff whisky - that's what I need.   一杯烈威士卡——这是我真正需要的。
■A stiff price is very expensive 
  （价格）高昂的，过高的
We had to pay a stiff membership fee to join the health club.   我们支付了一笔高昂的会费后才得以加入这家健康俱乐部。adverb 
■very much, or to a great degree    十分，非常
I got frozen stiff (= very cold) waiting at the bus stop.   我在公车站等车时差点冻僵了。
I was scared stiff when I heard someone moving around upstairs.   我听到楼上有人走来走去时吓坏了。noun countable 
PERSON  人     US informal 
■a person of the type described    …的人
a working stiff   工作狂
you lucky stiff   你这个幸运的家伙noun countable 
BODY  身体     slang 
■a dead body    死尸
They found a stiff in the river.   他们在河里发现一具尸体。



★☆☆   stiffen
—————————————————
verb 
FIRM  僵硬  
intransitive 
■to become firm or more difficult to bend    变僵硬；变得不易弯曲
Beat the cream until it begins to stiffen (= become firm).   将鲜奶油搅至稠糊状。
His body stiffened in fear.   他吓得身体发僵。verb 
LESS RELAXED  拘谨  
intransitive 
■to become less relaxed and more formal    变生硬，变得拘谨
She stiffened when her former husband walked into the room.   她的前夫走进房间时，她变得拘谨起来。verb 
MORE SEVERE  更严厉  
intransitive or transitive 
■to make something stronger or more difficult    加强；（使）变得严厉；（使）变得艰难
These events have stiffened our resolve to succeed.   这些事件增强了我们争取成功的决心。
Penalties for selling illegal drugs have been stiffened.   对贩卖毒品的处罚加重了。
Stiffening competition in the market has led to a reduction in the company's profits this year.   市场日趋激烈的竞争导致公司今年利润下降。



★☆☆   stiffly
—————————————————
adverb 
FIRM  僵直地  
■straight and not bending    笔挺地；僵直地
The soldiers stood stiffly to attention.   士兵笔挺地立正站着。adverb 
NOT RELAXED  拘谨地  
■in a way that is too formal    生硬地，拘谨地
"I don't think that it's anything to do with you, " he said stiffly.   “我认为这和你一点关系都没有。”他生硬地说。adverb 
SEVERE  严厉地  
■severely    严厉地
I wrote a stiffly-worded letter of complaint to the council.   我写了一封措词强硬的投诉书给委员会。



★☆☆   stiffness
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
NOT RELAXED  拘谨  
■the quality of being very formal and not relaxed    生硬，拘谨
Her initial stiffness began to wear off as we got to know her.   随着我们渐渐了解她，她起初的拘谨也慢慢消失了。noun uncountable 
FIRM  坚实  
■the quality of being firm, hard or unable to bend    坚实；刚硬
the stiffness of her muscles   她的肌肉扎实。noun uncountable 
SEVERE  严厉  
■the quality of being very severe, strong or difficult    严重；艰难
Everyone was surprised at the stiffness of the sentence/punishment/penalty/sanctions.   每个人都对判决／惩罚／处罚／制裁之重感到吃惊。



★☆☆   stiff upper lip 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■Someone who has a stiff upper lip does not show their feelings when they are upset    坚忍，刚毅，沉得住气
He was taught at school to keep a stiff upper lip, whatever happens.   他在学校学会无论发生甚么事都要坚强。



★☆☆   stiffy
—————————————————
 UK offensive 
noun countable 
■an erection (= when a man's penis is harder and bigger than usual and points up) 
  （阴茎）勃起
to get/have a stiffy   勃起



★☆☆   stifle
—————————————————
verb 
NO AIR  没有空气  
intransitive or transitive 
■to (cause to) be unable to breathe because you have no air 
  （使）窒息，（使）喘不上气
He is said to have stifled his victim with a pillow.   据说他用枕头闷死了受害人。
We almost stifled in the heat of the city.   城里热得快让我们透不过气来。verb 
PREVENT HAPPENING  防止发生  
transitive 
■to prevent something from happening, being expressed or continuing    阻止；压制，抑制；扼杀
She stifled a cough/yawn/scream/sneeze.   她忍住没有咳嗽／打哈欠／尖叫／打喷嚏。
I don't know how I managed to stifle my anger.   我不知道自己是怎么抑制住了愤怒。
We should be encouraging new ideas, not stifling them.   我们应该鼓励创意，而不是将其扼杀。



★☆☆   stifling
—————————————————
adjective 
NO AIR  闷热的  
■extremely hot and unpleasant    闷热的，热得令人窒息的
I can't bear this stifling humidity.   我受不了这种闷热潮湿。
Several hundred people were crammed into the stifling room.   几百人挤在这个令人窒息的房间里。adjective 
PREVENT HAPPENING  防止发生  
■preventing something from happening    阻止；压制，抑制；扼杀
stifling bureaucracy   专制的官僚作风



★☆☆   stigma
—————————————————
noun 
FEELING  感觉  
countable usually singular uncountable 
■when people disapprove of something, especially when this is unfair    耻辱；（尤指不公正的）恶名
There is no longer any stigma to being divorced.   离婚不再是甚么耻辱的事了。
Being an unmarried mother no longer carries the social stigma that it used to.   未婚妈妈不再像过去那样在社会上背负恶名了。noun 
FLOWER PART  花的部分  
countable 
■the top of the central female part of a flower, where pollen is received    柱头



★☆☆   stigmata
—————————————————
UK plural noun 
■marks that appear on a person's body in the same places as those made on Jesus Christ's body when he was fastened to a cross with nails    圣痕（与耶稣被钉死在十字架上后所留伤痕位置相同的痕迹）



★☆☆   stigmatize
—————————————————
(UK usually stigmatise) ['st&#x26A;g.m&#x259;.ta&#x26A;z]
verb transitive often passive 
■to treat someone or something unfairly by disapproving of them    使背负恶名，侮辱
People should not be stigmatized on the basis of race.   人们不应因其种族而受到侮辱。



★☆☆   stile
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a set of usually two steps which you climb over in order to cross a fence or a wall, especially between fields 
  （尤指田间供人翻越栅栏或墙的）梯蹬，踏级



★☆☆   stiletto
—————————————————
UK  US (plural stilettos)
noun countable 
■a woman's shoe with a narrow high heel    细高跟女鞋
She was wearing a short skirt and stilettos.   她穿着短裙和细高跟鞋。
stiletto heels   细高跟



★☆☆   still
—————————————————
adverb 
CONTINUING  继续  
 ESSENTIAL  
■continuing to happen or continuing to be done    还，还是；仍然，依旧
I'm still hungry.   我还是很饿。
I still haven't finished my essay.   我还是没有完成我的论文。
There is still no news about the hostages.   仍旧没有人质的消息。
Do you still work for the government?   你还在为政府工作吗？
Hope is fading that the missing child is still alive.   失踪孩子仍活着的可能性越来越渺茫。
There's still time for us to get to the cinema before the film starts.   还有时间，我们能在电影开演之前赶到电影院。
  Common Learner Errors   still   Warning: check your word order!   Still usually goes directly before the main verb in a sentence.   Don't say 'do still something', say still do something :
✗ I still can remember the day we met.   I can still remember the day we met.   But if the main verb is am/is/are/was or were , still usually goes directly after it
✗ She still is my best friend.   She is still my best friend.adverb 
DESPITE  尽管  
 ESSENTIAL  
■despite that    尽管那样，尽管如此
You may not approve of what he did, but he's still your brother.   你可能不赞成他的所作所为，但他仍然是你的兄弟。
I know you don't like her, but you still don't have to be so rude to her.   我知道你不喜欢她，但尽管如此，你也没必要对她那么无礼。
Even though she hasn't really got the time, she still offered to help.   尽管她并不是真的有时间，但她仍然主动要帮忙。adverb 
GREATER DEGREE  更大程度  
 ADVANCED  
■to an even greater degree or in an even greater amount 
  （程度或数量）还要，更加
The number of people killed in the explosion is likely to rise still higher.   爆炸中丧生的人数有可能还会增加。
The company is hoping to extend its market still further.   公司希望可以进一步拓展市场。
Still more snow fell overnight.   夜里又下了雪。
I'll meet you at the theatre. No, better still, let's meet in a pub and have a drink first.   我们在戏院碰面。哦不，更好的是，我们找家酒吧碰面，先喝上一杯。
I'm worried that his car has broken down, or worse still, that he's had an accident.   我担心他的车坏了，或者，更糟的是，他出了意外。
Why do you have to tell me still (= even) more lies?   你为甚么还要对我撒谎呢？adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  
■staying in the same position; not moving    静止的；不动的，安静的
Children find it difficult to sit/stand/stay still for very long.   小孩子很难长时间坐着／站着／静着不动。
I can't brush your hair if you don't keep/hold still.   你动来动去的话，我没办法给你梳头。
She sat perfectly still while I took her photograph.   我给她拍照的时候，她坐着一动也不动。
The air was so still (= There was so little wind) that not even the leaves on the trees were moving.   一点风也没有，连树叶都一动不动。
She dived into the still (= calm and not flowing) water of the lake.   她一头潜入了平静的湖水中。
■mainly UK 
■A still drink is one that is not fizzy (= with bubbles) 
  （饮料）不含碳酸的，不起泡的
Would you like still or sparkling water?   你要无气的还是有气的饮料？adjective 
Still waters run deep. saying 
■said about a person who says little, but who might in fact know a lot    静水流深；沉默寡言者可能胸藏丘壑verb transitive 
■to make something stop moving or become more calm    使静止；使平静，使安静
He tried to still the swaying of the hammock.   他努力不让吊床晃来晃去。
literary She cuddled her baby to still its cries.   她抱着自己的婴儿，哄他不哭。noun 
NOT MOVING  不移动  
countable specialized 
■a photograph of a piece of action in a film 
  （电影）剧照
uncountable literary 
■when it is quiet and calm    静止；安静，平静
In the still of the night , nothing moved.   夜深人静，万籁俱寂。noun 
EQUIPMENT  设备  
countable 
■a piece of equipment used for making alcohol 
  （酿酒用的）蒸馏器



★☆☆   stillbirth
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the birth of a dead baby    死产    Compare abortion ; miscarriage



★☆☆   stillborn
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■born dead    死产的
a stillborn baby   死产儿
The child was stillborn.   孩子是死产。
■If an idea or event is stillborn, it is unsuccessful or does not happen. 
  （想法或事件）夭折的，胎死腹中的



★☆☆   still life
—————————————————
(plural still lifes)
noun countable or uncountable 
■a type of painting or drawing of an arrangement of objects that do not move, such as flowers, fruit, bowls, etc.    静物画
We went to an exhibition of 17th century Dutch still lifes.   我们去看了一个17世纪荷兰静物画展。



★☆☆   stilt
—————————————————
noun countable usually plural 
■one of a set of long pieces of wood or metal used to support a building so that it is above the ground or above water 
  （支撑建筑物高出地面或水面的）柱子，支材
The houses are built on stilts to protect them from the annual floods.   房子建在支柱上，以免遭受一年一度的洪水侵袭。
■one of two long pieces of wood with supports for the feet which allow you to stand and walk high above the ground    高跷
to walk on stilts   踩高跷



★☆☆   stilted
—————————————————
UK US  disapproving 
adjective 
■(of a person's behaviour or way of speaking or writing) too formal and not smooth or natural 
  （言谈举止或写作风格）生硬的，不自然的
He writes in a formal and rather stilted style.   他的写作风格刻板，相当生硬。
The dialogue sounded stilted and unnatural, perhaps because of the translation from the original Russian.   对话听起来很生硬，非常不自然，可能是因为从俄文原著翻译过来的缘故。



★☆☆   Stilton
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a white and blue English cheese with a strong flavour    史蒂尔敦干酪（产于英国，味道浓郁）



★☆☆   stimulant
—————————————————
noun countable 
■something which makes or causes something else to grow or develop    刺激物；激励物
Tourism has acted as a stimulant to the country's economy.   旅游业成为振兴该国经济发展的一个因素。
■a substance, such as a drug, which makes the mind or body more active    兴奋剂
Caffeine, which is found in coffee and tea, is a mild stimulant.   咖啡和茶中所含的咖啡因是轻度兴奋剂。



★☆☆   stimulate
—————————————————
verb 
 IMPROVER  transitive 
■to encourage something to grow, develop or become active    激发，激励；促进
The government plans to cut taxes in order to stimulate the economy.   政府计划减税以刺激经济发展。
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■to make someone excited and interested about something    刺激，使兴奋；使感兴趣
The film was intended to stimulate and amuse.   这部电影的主要目的是助兴和娱乐。
[+ obj + to infinitive] Good teachers should ask questions that stimulate students to think.   好的老师应该问一些能激发学生思考的问题。
Erotic images are often more sexually stimulating to men than to women.   色情影像在性方面对男性的刺激作用大于女性。
transitive specialized 
■to cause part of the body to operate    促进（身体某部位）的功能
The drugs stimulate the damaged tissue into repairing itself.   药物促使受损组织自行修复。
Standing on your head is supposed to stimulate hair growth.   据信倒立可以促进头发生长。



★☆☆   stimulating
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■If something is stimulating, it encourages new ideas 
  （物）有启发性的
a stimulating discussion   具有启发性的讨论
Universities have been asked to make their courses more attractive and stimulating.   大学已被要求调整课程，增强吸引力和启发性。
■describes someone who makes you feel enthusiastic and full of ideas 
  （人）能激发热情的，激发灵感的
a really stimulating teacher   真正循循善诱的老师
■If an activity is stimulating, it causes your body to be active 
  （活动）增强活力的，促进身体机能的
Aerobics is one of the most stimulating forms of exercise.   有氧舞蹈是最能增强身体活力的运动之一。



★☆☆   stimulation
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■when something causes someone or something to become more active or enthusiastic, or to develop or operate    刺激；激励；兴奋作用
While she was at home looking after her children, she felt deprived of intellectual stimulation.   她在家里照顾孩子的时候，觉得被剥夺了活跃大脑的机会。
specialized Electric stimulation can help to heal fractured bones.   电的刺激有助于断骨愈合。



★☆☆   stimulus
—————————————————
 (plural stimuli)
noun countable 
■something that causes growth or activity    刺激（物），激励（物）；促进因素
Foreign investment has been a stimulus to the industry.   外国投资促进工业发展。
The book will provide a stimulus to research in this very important area.   这本书将会对这重要领域的研究起促进作用。
■specialized 
■something which causes part of the body to react 
  （使身体部位产生反应的）刺激
The tip of the tongue is sensitive to salt and sweet stimuli and the back of the tongue is sensitive to bitter stimuli.   舌尖对糖和盐的刺激很敏感，而舌根则对苦味的刺激很敏感。



★☆☆   sting
—————————————————
verb (stung, stung)
HURT  刺痛  
intransitive or transitive 
■If an insect, plant or animal stings, it produces a small but painful injury, usually with a poison, by brushing against the skin or making a very small hole under the skin 
  （昆虫、植物或动物）叮，刺，蜇
Do all types of bee sting?   所有种类的蜜蜂都蜇人吗？
I got stung by a wasp yesterday.   我昨天被黄蜂蜇了。
I didn't see the nettles until I was stung by them.   我被荨麻刺到后才看到它们。
intransitive or transitive 
■to cause sharp but usually temporary pain    引起刺痛，引起灼痛
The soap/smoke/sweat stung my eyes.   肥皂／烟雾／汗水刺痛了我的双眼。
This type of disinfectant doesn't sting, even if you put it on a fresh cut.   这种消毒药水即使涂在新伤口上也不会有灼痛感。
intransitive or transitive 
■If someone's unkind remarks sting you, they make you feel upset and annoyed 
  （伤害人的话）刺痛，使苦恼
He was stung by her criticisms.   他被她的批评指责刺伤了。
She knew he was right, but his words still stung.   她知道他是对的，但他的话仍旧伤害了她。
She managed to give a stinging reply (= an angry answer intended to upset) , before slamming down the phone.   她甩出一句尖刻的回答，然后啪的一声挂断电话。verb (stung, stung)
CHARGE  索价  
transitive informal 
■to charge someone a surprisingly large amount of money for something    向…索要惊人高价；敲诈
The bank stung me for £50 in charges when I went overdrawn.   银行在我透支时敲诈了我50英镑。noun 
HURT  刺痛  
countable or only singular 
■a sudden burning pain in your eyes, on your skin, etc., or the ability to cause such pain 
  （眼睛、皮肤等的）灼痛，刺痛；蜇
She had several bee stings.   她被蜜蜂蜇了几下。
the sting of salt in a wound   伤口上撒盐引起的灼痛
Some types of jellyfish have a powerful sting.   某些种类的水母蜇人很痛。
only singular 
■the feeling of being upset by something    痛苦；刺痛，刺伤；刺激
the sting of defeat   失败的痛苦
countable UK (US stinger) 
■a pointed part of an insect, plant or animal that goes through a person's or animal's skin and leaves behind poison 
  （昆虫或动物的）刺，蜇刺，蜇针；（植物的）刺毛noun 
GETTING STH  偷窃  
countable mainly US slang 
■a clever and complicated act of stealing    精心设计的偷窃行为
A bank employee was involved in the sting in which $5 million was stolen.   一名银行雇员卷入一宗精心策划的盗窃案，涉案金额达500万美元。
countable mainly US slang 
■a police action to catch criminals in which the police pretend to be criminals 
  （警方为抓捕罪犯的）卧底（行动）
a sting operation   卧底行动noun 
have a sting in the/its tail UK 
■If something, such as a story or joke, has a sting in the/its tail, it has a surprising or unpleasant part which only becomes clear at the end. 
  （故事、笑话等）结局出人意料，结尾倒人胃口noun 
take the sting out of sth 
■If something takes the sting out of an unpleasant situation, it makes it less unpleasant    减少…的不快
The new policy of shorter working hours will serve to take the sting out of the pay cut.   缩短工时的新政策有助于减少薪酬所带来的不快。



★☆☆   stinging nettle 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a wild plant which has leaves with very short hairs that sting    大荨麻



★☆☆   stingray
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a large flat round fish with a long tail that has poisonous points on it    刺魟（体型大而扁圆，尾长具毒刺）



★☆☆   stingy
—————————————————
 informal disapproving 
adjective 
■unwilling to spend money    小气的，吝啬的
He's really stingy and never buys the drinks when we go out.   他非常小气，我们一起出去时他从来不请喝酒。
The owners are so stingy - they've refused to pay for new carpets.   房东太小气了——他们拒绝掏钱买新地毯。



★☆☆   stink
—————————————————
verb intransitive (stank or US AND Australian ENGLISH ALSO stunk, stunk)
SMELL  气味     informal 
■to smell very unpleasant    散发异味，发出难闻的气味
Your feet stink!   你的脚好臭！
The morning after the party, the whole house stank of beer and cigarettes.   聚会后的第二天早上，整个房子都是啤酒和香烟的浊气。
He hadn't washed for over a week and stank to high heaven (= greatly).   他有一个多星期没洗澡了，身上一股浓烈的异味。
The woman next to me sprayed on some perfume and UKstank out / USstunk up the whole shop (= filled it with an unpleasant smell).   我旁边那个女人喷了些香水，整个商店里都弥漫着一股怪味。verb intransitive (stank or US AND Australian ENGLISH ALSO stunk, stunk)
BE BAD  糟糕  
■to be extremely bad or unpleasant    极糟糕；令人厌恶
I think her whole attitude stinks.   我觉得她整个态度令人恶心。
His acting stinks but he looks good, so he's offered lots of movie roles.   他的演技一塌糊涂，但人长得帅，所以获邀在许多影片中演出。noun countable usually singular informal 
■a strong unpleasant smell    恶臭；难闻气味
The stink of rotting seaweed was strong along the seashore.   腐烂的海草在海滩上发出浓烈臭味。noun countable usually singular informal 
cause a stink informal 
■to cause trouble and make people angry    引起麻烦，引起轩然大波；引起不快
The article about political corruption caused a real stink.   那篇有关政治腐败的文章引起了轩然大波。noun countable usually singular informal 
create/kick up/raise a stink informal 
■to make a strong public complaint    制造事端；滋事；起哄
She created a stink about the lack of recycling facilities in the town.   她因城中缺乏废物回收设施而大吵大闹。noun countable usually singular informal 
like stink UK informal 
■If someone works like stink, they work extremely hard.    非常卖力地，极努力地



★☆☆   stink bomb 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small device that gives off an extremely bad smell    臭弹
The two boys were caught letting off stink bombs in the school toilets.   这两个男孩被逮到在厕所里放臭弹。



★☆☆   stinker
—————————————————
UK US old-fashioned informal 
noun countable 
■someone or something that is very unpleasant    讨厌的人（或事物）
What a stinker that man is!   那个男的真够讨厌的！
She'd had a real stinker of a day at work.   她一整天的工作都很不顺心。



★☆☆   stinking
—————————————————
 informal 
adjective 
SMELL  气味  
■having a very unpleasant smell    发出恶臭的，散发难闻气味的
a pile of stinking rotten food   一堆散发恶臭的腐烂食物 informal 
adjective 
BAD  糟糕的  
■describes something which is very unpleasant or bad    令人讨厌的；很糟糕的
I hate this stinking job!   我恨这讨厌的工作！
She had a stinking cold and felt very sorry for herself.   她得了重感冒，觉得自己很可怜。 informal 
adjective 
be stinking rich 
■to be extremely rich    腰缠万贯； 极为富有



★☆☆   stinking thinking 
—————————————————
noun uncountable informal 
■a bad way of thinking, that makes you believe you will fail, that bad things will happen to you, or that you are not a very good person    负面想法；悲观想法（一种不好的思维方式，使你认为你会失败、坏事会发生在你身上或你并不是一个非常好的人）



