★☆☆   benign
—————————————————
adjective 
■pleasant and kind    慈祥的；和善的
a benign old lady   慈祥的老妇人
■describes a growth that is not likely to cause death    良性的
a benign tumour   良性肿瘤    Compare malignant



★☆☆   Benin
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Benin    贝南



★☆☆   Beninese
—————————————————
 (plural Beninese)
noun countable 
■Beninese    贝南人



★☆☆   benny
—————————————————
noun countable informal 
■a sudden period of uncontrolled anger; a tantrum    发脾气；怒火失控的阵发时期



★☆☆   bent
—————————————————
verb    past simple and past participle of 
■bendadjective 
DISHONEST  不诚实的     mainly UK slang 
■(especially of a person in a position of authority) dishonest 
  （尤指当权者）不诚实的
a bent copper   不诚实的员警adjective 
HOMOSEXUAL  同性恋的     UK old-fashioned offensive 
■(especially of men) homosexual 
  （尤指男性）同性恋的adjective 
get bent out of shape US informal 
■to become very angry or upset    非常生气或沮丧
I'm not getting bent out of shape because people don't respect my opinion. I'm used to that.   我并不为人们不尊重我的意见而沮丧。我已经习惯了。noun only singular 
■a natural skill    天赋
She has a scientific bent] a bent for science.   她在理科方面有天赋。



★☆☆   bent double 
—————————————————
adjective 
■describes a person who is standing with their upper body curved forwards and down towards the ground, often as a result of strong emotion or pain 
  （出于强烈的感情或疼痛）屈身的，弯腰的
He was bent double with laughter/pain.   他笑得前仰后翻／痛弯下了腰。



★☆☆   bent on 
—————————————————
adjective [after verb] 
■determined to do or have something    决意要做的，一心想拥有的
He was bent on getting married as soon as possible.   他一心想尽快结婚。



★☆☆   benumbed
—————————————————
 formal 
adjective 
■unable to feel because of cold, shock, etc.    麻木的，僵硬的
a face benumbed with cold   冻僵的脸



★☆☆   benzene
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a colourless liquid made from petroleum , from which plastics and many chemical products can be made    苯



★☆☆   benzene ring 
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■in chemistry, a connected ring of six carbon atoms, as found in a molecule of benzene 
  （化学）苯环（苯分子中六个碳原子构成的环状结构）



★☆☆   benzoic acid
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable specialized 
■a colourless substance found in various resins and berries, used in food preservatives, medical and cosmetic products, etc.    苯甲酸（安息香酸）（一种无色物质，可从多种树脂和浆果中提取，用于食品防腐、医疗和化妆品等）



★☆☆   bequeath
—————————————————
 formal 
verb transitive + two objects 
■to arrange to give money or property to others after your death    把…遗赠给
Her father bequeathed her the family fortune in his will.   她父亲在遗嘱中写明将家产留给她。
Picasso bequeathed most of his paintings and sculptures to Spain and France.   毕卡索将他大部分的画作和雕塑作品遗赠给西班牙和法国。



★☆☆   bequest
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the money or property belonging to someone which they say that, after their death, they wish to be given to other people    遗赠，遗产
Her will included small bequests to her family, while most of her fortune went to charity.   她在遗嘱中写明将一小部分遗产留给家人，大部分都捐给慈善机构。



★☆☆   berate
—————————————————
 formal 
verb transitive 
■to criticize or speak in an angry manner to someone    严责，训斥
As he left the meeting, he was berated by angry demonstrators.   会议结束后他离开时，遭到了愤怒的示威者责骂。
Doctors are often berated for being poor communicators, particularly when they have to give patients bad news.   医生常常因不善于沟通而遭受指责，特别是当他们必须告诉病人坏消息的时候。



★☆☆   bereaved
—————————————————
adjective 
■having a close relation or friend who has recently died    失去亲友的
a bereaved widow   失去亲人的寡妇
The bereaved parents wept openly.   死者的双亲嚎哭起来。plural noun 
the bereaved 
■people whose relations or friends have recently died    失去亲友的
It is generally accepted that the bereaved benefit from counselling.   人们普遍认为心理咨询对于遭受丧亲之痛的人有好处。



★☆☆   bereavement
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■the death of a close relation or friend    丧失亲人
She has recently suffered a bereavement.   她最近刚失去一位亲人。



★☆☆   bereft
—————————————————
adjective [after verb] formal 
■not having something or feeling great loss    缺乏…的；感到失落的
Alone now and almost penniless, he was bereft of hope.   他现在孤身一人，又几乎身无分文，对生活已不抱一丝希望。
After the last of their children had left home the couple felt utterly bereft.   最后一个孩子离家之后，这对夫妇感到一无所有了。



★☆☆   beret
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a round flat hat made of soft material    贝雷帽



★☆☆   bergschrund
—————————————————
UK noun countable specialized 
■a deep crack near or at the top of a glacier , separating moving ice from ice that is not moving    冰后隙（冰川顶部或其附近的深度裂缝，将移动的冰与不动的冰分开）



★☆☆   berk
—————————————————
(also burk) UK noun countable UK slang 
■a stupid person    傻瓜，笨蛋
I felt a right berk when I couldn't remember where I'd parked the car.   当我想不起把车停在哪里时，我觉得自己简直是个十足的傻瓜。



★☆☆   Bermuda
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Bermuda    百慕达



★☆☆   Bermudan
—————————————————
UK noun countable adjective 
■Bermudan    百慕达人／百慕达的



★☆☆   berry
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ADVANCED  
■a small round fruit on particular plants and trees    浆果



★☆☆   berserk
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■very angry or out of control    狂暴的；暴跳如雷的
My mother will go berserk (= be extremely angry) when she finds out I've ruined her favourite dress.   如果我妈发现我弄破了她最喜欢的裙子，她一定会气疯的。



★☆☆   berth
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a bed in a boat, train, etc., or a place for a ship or boat to stay in a port 
  （船、火车等上的）床铺；（船只在码头的）泊位
She booked a berth on the train from London to Aberdeen.   她订了一张由伦敦开往亚伯丁的火车卧铺票。UK verb intransitive or transitive 
■If a ship or boat berths or if you berth it somewhere, it is tied up and stays in that place 
  （船）停泊；使船停泊
The ship berthed at Sydney.   轮船停靠在雪梨港。



★☆☆   beryllium
—————————————————
noun uncountable specialized 
■a hard, light, silvery-grey metallic element, used to make strong alloys (= mixture of metals)    铍（一种银灰色金属元素，坚硬质轻，用于制作强度高的合金）



★☆☆   beseech
—————————————————
 (beseeched or besought, beseeched or besought)    old use 
verb transitive 
■to ask for something in a way that shows you need it very much; beg    悬求，哀求
Stay a little longer, I beseech you!   多留一会儿吧，我求求你！



★☆☆   beset
—————————————————
adjective [after verb] 
■troubled (by); full (of)    困扰的；充满…的
With the amount of traffic nowadays, even a trip across town is beset by/with dangers.   目前交通如此拥挤，即使穿城而行也充满了危险。



★☆☆   beside
—————————————————
preposition 
 IMPROVER  
■at the side of, next to    在…旁边；在…附近
Come and sit here beside me.   过来坐在我身边。
Our school was built right beside a river.   我们的学校就建在河边。
■compared to another person or thing    与…相比
Those books seem rather dull beside this one.   与这本书相比，那些书似乎都很枯燥。
be beside the point 
■to be in no way connected to the subject that is being discussed    离题，与讨论的问题无关
Let's stick to discussing whether the road should be built at all. The exact cost is beside the point.   我们还是继续讨论这条路到底该不该建的问题吧。确切的造价不是问题的根本。preposition 
be beside yourself 
■If you are beside yourself with a particular feeling or emotion, it is so strong that it makes you almost out of control 
  （因情绪太强烈而）无法控制自己
He was beside himself with grief when she died.   她死时他悲痛欲绝。



★☆☆   besides
—————————————————
adverb preposition 
 ADVANCED  
■in addition to; also    而且；除…之外还有
Do you play any other sports besides football and basketball?   除了足球和篮球外，你还参与别的体育活动吗？
She won't mind your being late - besides, it's hardly your fault.   她不会因为你迟到而耿耿于怀——何况这并不是你的错。adverb preposition 
  Common Learner Errors   besides or also?   Warning: choose the correct adverb!   Use besides at the beginning of a clause to add a fact or reason that is stronger than what you have already said   I'm too tired to go to the supermarket. Besides, it's closed on Sunday.   To just add extra information, don't say 'besides' say in addition or also :
✗ I speak French fluently. Besides, I speak some Italian.   I speak French fluently. Also, I speak some Italian.



★☆☆   besiege
—————————————————
verb transitive often passive 
■to surround a place, especially with an army, to prevent people or supplies getting in or out    围攻，围困
The town had been besieged for two months but still resisted the aggressors.   这座城镇虽然已被围困了两个月，但仍然能把侵略者拒之城外。
■When someone is besieged, a lot of people surround them    包围，围住（某人）
When the pop star tried to leave her hotel she was besieged by waiting journalists and fans.   那名流行歌星试图离开饭店时，被一群在外等候的记者和歌迷围住了。
■to make many requests or complaints about something    困扰，烦扰
After showing the controversial film, the television company was besieged with phone calls from angry viewers.   电视台播放了一出具争议性的电影后，就不断收到愤怒的观众的电话和来信。



★☆☆   besmeared
—————————————————
UK adjective [after verb] formal 
■covered with marks from dirt, oil, etc.    弄脏的
His face was besmeared with chocolate.   他的脸上沾有巧克力。



★☆☆   besmirch
—————————————————
UK  US literary 
verb transitive 
■to say bad things about someone to influence other people's opinion of them    玷污，糟蹋（名誉等）
His accusations were false, but they served to besmirch her reputation.   他的指控虽毫无根据，却损害了她的名誉。



★☆☆   besotted
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■completely in love with someone and always thinking of them    迷恋的；爱得发狂的
He was so completely besotted with her that he couldn't see how badly she treated him.   他对她如此迷恋，根本不管她对他的态度有多恶劣。



★☆☆   besought
—————————————————
UK verb    past simple and past participle of 
■beseech 



★☆☆   bespattered
—————————————————
UK adjective [after verb] 
■covered with spots of liquid    布满液滴的
The backs of my legs were bespattered with mud after walking home in the rain.   我冒雨走回家后双腿后面被溅满了泥泞。



★☆☆   bespeak
—————————————————
 (bespoke, bespoken)    formal 
verb transitive 
■to suggest or show    暗示；表明
His letter bespeaks his willingness to help.   他来信表示愿意帮忙。



★☆☆   bespectacled
—————————————————
adjective formal 
■wearing glasses    戴眼镜的
a small, bespectacled man in a drab suit   戴着眼镜、穿着浅褐色西装的小个子男人



★☆☆   bespoke
—————————————————
UK US  UK formal (US custom-made) 
adjective 
■specially made for a particular person    量身订做的
a bespoke suit   订做的西服
bespoke furniture   订做的家俱



★☆☆   bespoke tailor
—————————————————
 UK formal 
noun countable 
■a person who makes or sells clothing that is specially made for the customer    做（或售）订制服装的裁缝



★☆☆   best
—————————————————
adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  
■of the highest quality, or being the most suitable, pleasing or effective type of thing or person    最好的；最出色的；最优秀的
This is the best meal I've ever had.   这是我吃过最好的一餐。
He's one of our best students.   他是我们最优秀的学生之一。
Are you sure this is the best way of doing it?   你肯定这是处理这件事的最佳方法吗？
What's the best (= shortest or quickest) way to get to the station?   哪条路去车站是最方便？
Your parents only want what is best for you.   你父母只想把最好的给你。
She was my best friend (= the friend I liked most).   她是我最好的朋友。
It's best (= It is wise) to get to the supermarket early.   最好早一点赶到超级市场。adjective 
be on your best behaviour 
■to behave extremely well and be very polite on a particular occasion    举止得体；以最好的表现示人
I'd just met his parents for the first time so I was on my best behaviour.   我刚刚第一次跟他的父母见面，我表现出最好的一面。adjective 
be the best thing since sliced bread informal 
■to be an excellent person or thing    是很不错的人；是非常好的事物adjective 
 May the best man/person win. 
■said before a race or competitive activity, meaning that you want the person who is the fastest, strongest or most skilled to win or succeed    但愿最佳选手获胜。adjective 
 put your best foot forward 
■to try as hard as you can    全力以赴adjective 
 with the best will in the world UK 
■used to mean 'I would like to if I possibly could', in a situation where you cannot do something 
  （用于表示无法做某事）尽管我是真心愿意
With the best will in the world, I can't employ him in the shop unless I can trust him.   除非我能信任他，否则不管我多想，我都不能聘请他到店里工作。adverb 
 ESSENTIAL  
■in the most suitable, pleasing or satisfactory way, or to the greatest degree    最；最好地；最高程度地
Which evening would suit you best for the party?   你认为哪天晚上举行晚会是最适合的？
The Grand Canyon is best seen at sunset when it seems to change colour.   大峡谷日落时最美，这时它的色彩似乎变幻莫测。
He couldn't decide which one he liked best (= preferred).   他不知道自己最喜欢哪一个。
 ESSENTIAL  
■to the greatest degree when used as the superlative of adjectives beginning with 'good' or 'well' 
  （表示以 good 或 well 开头的最高级形容词）…
They were the best-dressed couple at the party.   他们是舞会上衣着最华丽的一对。
He was voted the best-looking (= most attractive) actor in Hollywood.   他被选为好莱坞最英俊的男演员。
as best you can mainly UK 
■as well as you can    尽力
It is a difficult passage, but just translate it as best you can.   这段文章确实很难，不过你尽力翻译就可以了。adverb 
do as you think best 
■to choose the action that you judge to be most suitable    你认为怎样好就怎样做
"Do you think I should take this job or try for another?" "You should do as you think best."   “你认为我应该接受这份工作，还是另找一份试试？”“你认为怎样最好就怎样做吧。”adverb 
had best/better mainly UK 
■used to suggest an action or to show that it is necessary    最好
You had best tell her (= It would be wise if you told her) that you won't be able to come to her party.   你最好告诉她，你不能参加她的派对。
We'd best be going now (= We should go now).   我们最好现在就走。noun only singular 
 IMPROVER  
■the most excellent in a group of things or people    最好的人（或事物）
My tastes are simple - I only like the best.   我的品味很简单─—我只喜欢最好的。
He wanted the best for his children - good schools, a nice house and trips abroad.   他想让自己的孩子们享受到最好的一切——上好学校，住漂亮房子，还有去外国旅行。
I like all of Hitchcock's films, but I think 'Notorious' is the best.   我喜欢希区考克所有电影，不过我认为《美人计》是最好的一出。
Chris and I are the best of friends (= We are very close friends).   克里斯和我是最要好的朋友。
all the best! mainly UK informal 
■used to say goodbye or to end a letter to someone you know well 
  （用于告别或信末祝福）祝一切顺利！
at best 
■even when considered in the most positive way    最多，充其量
The food was bland at best, and at worst completely inedible.   这种食物往好方的面说，是清淡无味，往差方面说，则根本就不能吃。
at its best 
■at the highest standard that can be achieved    最高水准的
The documentary was an example of investigative journalism at its best.   这出纪录片是调查性新闻报导的最佳范例。
be at your best 
■to be as active or intelligent as you can be    处于最好状态
I'm not at my best in the morning.   上午我不在最佳状态。
best of all 
■this is the most pleasing thing    最棒的
There was wonderful food, good company and, best of all, a jazz band.   那里有丰盛的食物和热情的伙伴，最棒的是还有一支爵士乐队。
best of luck 
■an expression used to wish someone success before an examination or a difficult activity    祝你好运
Best of luck with your exams!   祝你考试成功！
We would like to wish you the (very) best of luck with your move to the States.   我们祝你到美国之后一切顺利。
the best of 
■In a sport such as tennis, if you play the best of a particular number of games, you play that number of games and the winner is the player who wins the greatest number of those games    …场比赛中的大部分胜出
Shall we play the best of five?   我们打五局三胜好吗？
do/try your best 
■to make the greatest effort possible    尽力
It doesn't matter if you fail, just do your best.   即使失败了也没所谓，只要你尽了力就可以了。
have had the best of 
■If you have had the best of something, you have enjoyed the most pleasant part of it, and everything that is left is worse    享受最佳部分
I think we've already had the best of the hot weather this summer.   我想我们已经渡过了今年夏天最舒服的日子。
to the best of your ability 
■as well as you can    尽力
Just do the job to the best of your ability.   只要你尽力工作就可以了。
to the best of my knowledge/belief 
■from what I know and understand from the information that I have    据我所知
To the best of my knowledge, the chemicals which were found are not dangerous.   据我所知，那些被发现的化学品并没有危险。noun only singular 
at the best of times 
■when everything is going well    在最好的情况下
Our car is slow even at the best of times.   我们的车即使在最佳状态下也开得不快。noun only singular 
the best of a bad bunch / lot 
■the person or thing of a group that is not as bad as the others, although none of the group is good    矬子里头选将军；差中选优noun only singular 
the best of both worlds 
■a situation in which you can enjoy the advantages of two very different things at the same time    两全其美，各取其长
She works in the city and lives in the country, so she gets the best of both worlds.   她在城市工作却住在乡村，可以尽享两种生活的好处。noun only singular 
the best of British (luck) UK informal 
■used to wish someone luck, especially when you do not think they have much chance of success or happiness    祝某人好运（尤指当其成功或快乐的机会不大时）
You're going to ask her father for money? Best of British, mate!   你打算向她父亲要钱？祝你好运，老兄！noun only singular 
for the best 
■If an action is for the best, it is done to improve a situation or produce a good result, although it might seem unpleasant at the time    终究有好处
Ending a relationship is always hard but in this case it's for the best.   结束一段感情总是很难的，但这样做终究会对你有好处的。noun only singular 
make the best of 
■to make an unsatisfactory situation as pleasant as possible    尽可能善用（不令人满意的处境）
We'll have to spend the night here, so we might as well make the best of it.   我们要在这地方住上一晚，所以还是将就一下吧。noun only singular 
with the best of them informal 
■as well as anyone    不逊于任何人
He can dance with the best of them.   他舞跳得不比别人差。verb transitive formal 
■to defeat someone in a fight or competition    击败，战胜
He bested his opponent in just two rounds.   仅仅两个回合他就击败了对手。



★☆☆   best-before date
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the day or month before which food or drink should be eaten or drunk 
  （食品的）保存期限



★☆☆   best bet 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular informal 
■Your best bet is the action which is most likely to be successful    最安全可靠的办法
If you want to get to the station before 10 o'clock, your best bet would be to take a taxi.   如果你想在十点之前到达车站，最保险的方法是坐计程车。



★☆☆   best boy 
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■the person who helps the gaffer (= the person responsible for putting in and keeping in good condition the electric wires) when a film or television programme is being made 
  （拍电影或电视节目时）协助照明电工（负责铺设及维护电力设备的人）的器材助理



★☆☆   bestial
—————————————————
adjective disapproving 
■cruel or like an animal    残忍的；野兽般的
The soldiers were accused of bestial acts against unarmed civilians.   士兵因对手无寸铁的平民施以暴行而遭指控。



★☆☆   bestiality
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
SEX  性  
■sex between a person and an animal    兽奸UK noun uncountable 
CRUELTY  残忍     disapproving 
■behaviour that is very cruel or like an animal    残忍的；野兽般的
the bestiality of war   战争暴行



★☆☆   bestiary
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a book written in the Middle Ages containing descriptions of real and imaginary animals which was intended to teach morals and to entertain 
  （中世纪的）动物寓言集



★☆☆   bestir
—————————————————
UK verb [R] formal 
■to become active after a period of rest    发奋；振作起来
I'd better bestir myself - there's work to be done.   我最好提起精神——还有工作要做。



★☆☆   best man 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■a male friend or relation of the bridegroom who stands with him and helps him during a marriage ceremony    男傧相；伴郎



★☆☆   bestow
—————————————————
UK  US formal 
verb transitive often passive 
■to give something as an honour or present    赠予；给予
The Chancellorship of the University was bestowed upon her in 1992.   她在1992年被授予大学校长一职。
The George Cross is a decoration that is bestowed on British civilians for acts of great bravery.   乔治十字勋章是为了表彰英国平民的英勇行为而颁发的。



★☆☆   best practice 
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■a working method, or set of working methods, which is officially accepted as being the best to use in a particular business or industry, usually described formally and in detail    最佳方法；参考范围
to develop a model for best practice in medicine/electronic commerce   树立医药／电子商贸的参考范例
a best-practice policy/programme   最佳案例政策／计划



★☆☆   bestrew
—————————————————
 (bestrewed, bestrewn or bestrewed)    literary 
verb transitive usually passive 
■to lie covering a surface, or to cover a surface with things that are far apart and in no particular arrangement    撒于…的表面；散布在；覆盖
During the festival, the city streets are bestrewn with flowers.   节日期间，市内的街道上摆满了鲜花。



★☆☆   bestride
—————————————————
 (bestrode, bestridden)    formal 
verb transitive 
■to sit or stand with a leg on either side of an object or animal    跨骑着；横跨在…之上
He bestrode the chair as though it were a horse.   他把椅子当马骑。



★☆☆   bestseller
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a book which is extremely popular and has sold in very large numbers    畅销书
J K Rowling's 'Harry Potter' novels are all bestsellers.   J.K.罗琳的《哈利•波特》系列小说都是畅销书。
His latest book has gone to number two in the bestseller list (= the list of the most popular books).   他最近出的一本书名列畅销书排行榜第二位。



★☆☆   best wishes 
—————————————————
plural noun 
■a polite way of finishing a letter to a person who you know quite well    最好的祝福（写信时对熟人礼貌的结束语）



★☆☆   bet
—————————————————
verb (betting, bet, bet)
 IMPROVER  intransitive or transitive 
■to risk money on the result of an event or a competition, such as a horse race, in the hope of winning more money    打赌；赌博
He regularly goes to the races and bets heavily.   他常去赌马，而且都下重注。
She bet £500 000 on the horse which came in second.   她在那匹跑了第二名的马身上，下了50万英镑的赌注。
[+ two objects] [+ (that)] I bet you $25 that I'll get there before you.   我和你赌25美元，我一定比你早到。
 ADVANCED  transitive informal 
■If you say you bet (someone) that something is true or will happen, you mean you are certain that it is true or will happen    敢肯定
[+ (that)] I bet you (that) she's missed the bus.   我敢肯定她追不上公车。
I bet (that) he won't come.   我敢肯定他不会来。verb (betting, bet, bet)
(how much) do you want to bet? informal 
■said in answer to something that someone has said, meaning that you are certain that they are wrong 
  （表示确定对方错了）你敢打赌吗？你想赌多少？
"Surely she won't be late this time." "How much do you want to bet?"   “她这次肯定不会迟到。”“那你敢跟我赌多少？”verb (betting, bet, bet)
don't bet on it (also I wouldn't bet on it) informal 
■used to tell someone that you think something is unlikely to be true or to happen    不大可能
"Do you think they'll give me back the money they owe me?" "I wouldn't bet on it."   “你认为他们会把欠我的钱还给我吗？”“我看不会的了。”verb (betting, bet, bet)
I bet (also I'll bet) informal 
■said to show that you understand why someone has a particular opinion or feels a particular way 
  （表示理解）有同感，我相信
"I'm so annoyed with her." "I'll bet."   “她令我感到厌烦。”“我相信是。”
"I was so relieved I didn't have to clean up after the party." "I bet you were."   “派对结束后，我不必留下来收拾打扫，这让我大大松了口气。”“我知道你会这样。”verb (betting, bet, bet)
what do you bet? 
■See     what's the betting? at bettingverb (betting, bet, bet)
you bet informal 
■used to emphasize a statement or to mean 'certainly' 
  （表示强调）当然
"Are you coming to the party?" "You bet!"   “你会参加派对吗？”“当然了。”verb (betting, bet, bet)
 you can bet your life (also you can bet your bottom dollar) 
■used to say that you are completely certain that something is true or will happen    肯定
You can bet your bottom dollar that he'll be the next president.   他肯定会选下一任总统。noun countable 
 IMPROVER  
■an amount of money which you risk on the result of an event or a competition, such as a horse race    赌注
He placed/put a bet on the grey horse.   他在那匹灰色马身上下了注。
■informal 
■a guess or opinion    猜想；想法
[+ (that)] My bet is (that) their baby will be a girl.   我猜他们会生个女儿。noun countable 
 be a fair bet UK 
■to be something which is likely to happen    很可能的事
It's a fair bet (that) the government will increase taxes in the coming term.   政府很可能在即将展开的下届执政期内增税。noun countable 
 be a good bet 
■to be something that would be useful, clever or enjoyable to do    明智的事
Putting your savings in a high-interest account is a good bet.   把你的积蓄存进高利率储蓄帐户是明智之举。noun countable 
 be a safe bet 
■to be something that you are certain will happen    肯定会发生的事
It's a safe bet (that) Martin will be the last to arrive.   马丁肯定是最后一个到。noun countable 
 be your best bet 
■to be the best decision or choice    明智的决定（或选择）
Your best bet would be to take a bus to the airport.   你最好坐公车到机场。noun countable 
 do sth for a bet (US usually do sth on a bet) 
■to do something dangerous or risky because someone says that they do not think you will    赌气做
She jumped in the fountain for a bet.   她赌气跳进了喷水池。



★☆☆   beta
—————————————————
(also β) UK noun countable 
■the second letter of the Greek alphabet    希腊文字母表的第二个字母    Compare alpha ; gamma(also β) UK adjective 
■Beta software is at the second stage of development. 
  （软体程式）尚未推出市场，处于第二个开发阶段的
a beta disc   一个试用磁片
You can download the beta version from the website.   你可以在网站下载试用版。



★☆☆   beta-carotene
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a form of carotene which the body is able to change into vitamin A, found especially in green, red and orange vegetables    胡萝卜素



★☆☆   beta decay 
—————————————————
noun uncountable specialized 
■the process in which a neutron (= part with no electrical charge inside an atom) breaks up into a proton (= part with a positive electrical charge) and an electron (= part with a negative electrical charge)    ß衰变（一种放射性衰变过程，原子中不带电荷的中子分裂为一个带一正电荷的质子和一个带一负电荷的电子）



★☆☆   beta male 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a man who is not as successful or powerful as other men    不如别的男性成功或权势大的男人



★☆☆   beta particle 
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■an extremely small piece of matter with a positive or negative electric charge, produced when a radioactive atom is broken down    ß粒子（在原子放射性衰变中产生的一种极微小粒子，带一个正电荷或负电荷）



★☆☆   betel
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a plant that grows in south east Asia which has leaves and red nuts that act as a drug when chewed    蒌叶，蒌子，槟榔叶／子



★☆☆   betide
—————————————————
 literary 
verb intransitive or transitive 
■to happen (to)    发生



★☆☆   betoken
—————————————————
UK US old use 
verb transitive 
■to be a sign of something    预示；表示



★☆☆   betray
—————————————————
verb transitive 
NOT LOYAL  不忠诚的  
 ADVANCED  
■to not be loyal to your country or a person, often by doing something harmful such as helping their enemies    背叛，出卖；对…不忠诚
He was accused of betraying his country during the war.   他被指控在战争期间背叛了祖国。
She felt betrayed by her mother's lack of support.   她觉得母亲背弃了她，因为母亲没有支持她。
For years they betrayed Britain's secrets to Russia.   他们持续多年向俄国出卖英国的机密情报。
formal He promised never to betray her (= never to leave her for another person).   他答应永远不离弃她。
■formal 
■If someone betrays something such as a promise, they do not do what they said they would    食言；辜负
The government has been accused of betraying its election promises.   政府因未能履行竞选诺言而遭到人们的遣责。
By staying out so late, they have betrayed my trust (= disappointed me because I had trusted them to not be late).   他们在外面留到这么晚才回来，真是辜负了我的信任。verb transitive 
SHOW  表露  
■to show feelings, thoughts or a particular characteristic without intending to    暴露（想法）；流露（情感）
If he is nervous on stage, he does not betray it.   他即使在舞台上十分紧张，也不会表露出来。
Although she often seems quite cold and harsh, her smiling eyes betray her true nature.   虽然她看上去总是冷漠刻薄，但她微笑的双眼却显示出了真性情。



★☆☆   betrayal
—————————————————
noun countable or uncountable 
■an act of betraying someone or something, or when someone or something is betrayed    背叛，被出卖
This was the first in a series of betrayals.   这是一系列背叛事件中的第一件。
I felt a sense of betrayal when my friends refused to support me.   当朋友拒绝支持我时，我有一种被出卖的感觉。



★☆☆   betroth
—————————————————
UK  US old use 
verb transitive 
■to cause someone to promise formally to marry someone    使（男女双方）订婚
She was betrothed to her cousin at an early age.   她年纪很小的时就和她表哥订了婚。



★☆☆   betrothed
—————————————————
UK noun only singular formal or old use 
■a person someone has promised to marry or has been promised to as a marriage partner; a fiancée or fiancé    未婚夫或未婚妻
He sent a dozen roses to his betrothed.   他送给未婚妻一打玫瑰。



★☆☆   better
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ESSENTIAL  
■comparative of good; of a higher standard, or more suitable, pleasing or effective than other things or people    较好的；更好的
He stood near the front to get a better view.   他为了看得更清楚，尽量靠前站。
Relations between the two countries have never been better.   两国的关系从未曾像现在这么好过。
It's much better to have a small cosy room than a big cold one.   拥有一间小而暖的房间要比拥有一间大而冷的房间好得多。
The film was better than I expected.   这出电影比我预期的好。
She is much better at tennis than I am.   她网球打得比我好很多。
It is far (= much) better to save some of your money than to spend it all at once.   把钱存起来，总比一下子花完要好得多了。
Fresh vegetables are better for you (= more beneficial to you) than canned ones.   新鲜蔬菜比罐装蔬菜对健康更有益。
The longer you keep this wine, the better it tastes (= It has a better flavour if you keep it for a long time).   这种酒越陈越香。
The bed was hard, but it was better than nothing (= than not having a bed).   床有点硬，可是总比没有好。
 IMPROVER  
■If you are or get better after an illness or injury, you are healthy and no longer ill 
  （伤病）好转的，康复的
I hope you get better soon.   希望你早日康复。
get better 
■to improve    改善
After the cease-fire, the situation in the capital got better.   停火以后，首都的局势有所好转。
She's getting much better at pronouncing English words.   她的英语发音现在好多了。UK adjective 
be better than sex informal 
■to be extremely enjoyable or exciting    感觉比做爱还棒；极其刺激
For me, nothing compares with the thrill of surfing - it's better than sex.   对我而言，没有甚么比滑浪更刺激的了——感觉简直比做爱还棒。UK adjective 
 Better late than never. saying 
■said when you think that it is better for someone or something to be late than never to arrive or to happen    晚来总比不来强；迟做总比不做好UK adjective 
 better luck next time 
■said to tell someone that you hope they will succeed when they try again    下次好运
I'm sorry to hear that you failed your driving test. Better luck next time, eh!   听说你没通过驾驶考试我很难过，不过祝你下次成功！UK adjective 
 Better safe than sorry. saying 
■said when you think it is best not to take risks even when it seems boring or difficult to be careful    有备无患。UK adjective 
 Better the devil you know (than the devil you don't). UK saying 
■said when you think it is wiser to deal with someone familiar, although you do not like them, than to deal with someone who you do not know, who might be worse    宁可跟熟悉的魔鬼打交道；明枪易躲，暗箭难防UK adjective 
go one better 
■to do something which is more advanced or more generous than someone else    更胜一筹，胜过
I gave her a card, but my brother went one better and bought her a present.   我送了她一张贺卡，但我哥哥更大方，居然给她买了礼物。UK adjective 
 be no better than (a) sth 
■If you say that someone is no better than a person who is unpleasant or unkind, you mean that they have behaved in a similar way to this type of person    和…几乎一样，比…好不到哪里去
People who don't pay their bus fares are no better than common criminals.   乘车逃票的人无异于作奸犯科。UK adverb 
 ESSENTIAL  
■in a more suitable, pleasing or satisfactory way, or to a greater degree    更好地；较好地
The next time he took the test, he was better prepared.   第二次考试时，他准备得更充分。
She did much better (= was more successful) in the second half of the match.   她在比赛下半场的表现更出色。
I like this jacket much better than (= I prefer it to) the other one.   比起另外一件夹克，我更喜欢这件。
She knows her way around the college better than I do.   她比我更清楚学院附近的路。
 ESSENTIAL  
■to a greater degree, when used as the comparative of adjectives beginning with 'good' or 'well' 
  （表示以 good 或 well 开头的形容词比较级）更，更大程度地
She is better-looking (= more attractive) than her brother.   她比哥哥长得好看。
He is much better-known for his poetry than his song-writing.   他作的诗比他写的歌更出名。
better still (also even better) 
■used to say that a particular choice would be more satisfactory    干脆，不如
Why don't you give her a call or, better still, go and see her?   你为甚么不打个电话给她，或者干脆亲自去找她？
 sb would do better UK 
■it would be wiser 
  （某人）最好
You would do better to bring the plants inside when the weather gets colder.   天气转冷时，你最好把盆栽植物搬进屋里。
 sb had better do sth 
■used to give advice or to make a threat 
  （某人）最好做…
You'd better (= You should) go home now before the rain starts.   你最好在下雨之前赶回家。
He'd better pay me back that money he owes me soon, or else.   他最好赶快把欠我的那笔钱还给我，否则我就对他不客气。UK adverb 
  Common Learner Errors   better   Warning: check your word order!   Better does not usually come between the verb and its object.   Don't say 'do better something', say do something better :
✗ Since my visit to England I understand better English.   Since my visit to England I understand English better.UK noun 
uncountable 
■something that is of a higher standard than others    更好的事物；较好者
He ran the 100 metres in 9.91 seconds, and I have not seen better (= a faster result) this year.   他100米跑了9.91秒，这是我今年见过的最好成绩。
uncountable 
■behaviour, work or treatment that is more suitable, pleasing or satisfactory    更合适的举止；较令人满意的工作；更好的待遇
You shouldn't have been so mean to your mother - she deserves better.   你不应该对你妈妈如此刻薄——她理应得到更好的报答。
I didn't think he would go out without telling me - I expected better of him.   我原以为他不会不跟我说一声就出去的——我对他期望过高了。
betters [plural]    old-fashioned 
■people of a higher rank or social position than you    较优者；上司
As children, we were taught not to argue with our elders and betters.   从小大人就教导我们不能与长辈和上级争吵。UK noun 
for better or (for) worse 
■If you do something for better or (for) worse, you accept the bad results of the action as well as the good ones    无论好坏，不管怎样
Anyway, for better or for worse, I followed her advice.   不管结果会怎样，我还是听从了她的建议。UK noun 
for the better 
■If something changes for the better, it improves    改善
Most people think that things have changed for the better since the new government came to power.   大多数人觉得新政府上台后，情况已有所改善。UK noun 
get the better of sb 
■to defeat someone in a competition    击败（某人）
He fought fiercely, but his opponent easily got the better of him.   他奋力搏斗，但还是被对手轻而易举地击败了。
■If a feeling gets the better of you, you cannot stop yourself from allowing that feeling to make you do something, despite knowing that what you are doing is wrong    感情战胜（某人的）理智
Her curiosity got the better of her and she opened the door and peeped inside.   她的好奇心占了上风，于是她打开房门，向里边窥视。UK noun 
 so much the better (also all the better) informal 
■used to say that a particular action or situation would be even more successful    那样会更好
If you can go there this afternoon, so much the better.   如果你今天下午去那里会更好。UK verb transitive 
■to improve a situation    改善；改进
The organization was established to better conditions for the disabled.   这个组织是为改善残疾人士的生活条件而成立的。
better yourself 
■to improve your social position, often by getting a better job or education    提高自身的水准；改善自身的社会地位
He tried to better himself by taking evening classes.   他试图透过选修夜校课程，提高自己的文化水准。



★☆☆   better half
—————————————————
 humorous 
noun countable usually singular (plural better halves)
■A person's better half is their husband, wife or usual sexual partner.    妻子；丈夫；性伴侣



★☆☆   betterment
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■improvement 
Several changes have been made for the betterment of the sport.   为了使该项运动变得完善，已作出了一些变革。



★☆☆   better nature 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■A person's better nature is the more honourable or moral side of their character.    人性中善良的一面



★☆☆   better off 
—————————————————
adjective 
be better off 
■to have more money than you had in the past or more money than most other people    经济状况较以前（或较大多数人）好
Obviously we're better off now we're both working.   现在我们都工作，经济状况显然比以前好了。
When his parents died, he found himself $100 000 better off (= he had $100 000 more than he had in the past).   父母死后，他发现自己一下子多了十万美元的财产。
■to be in a better situation, if or after something happens    境况更好
He'd be better off working for a bigger company.   若他在大一点的公司里工作，境况就会比较好。plural noun 
the better-off 
■people who have more money than most others    经济宽裕的人
The tax on fuel will not have a serious impact on the better-off.   征收燃油税对经济宽裕的人影响不会很大。



★☆☆   betters
—————————————————
UK plural noun    See at better



★☆☆   betting
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the habit of risking money on horse races, sports events, etc.    打赌，赌博
Betting can be as addictive as drinking or smoking.   赌博像酗酒和抽烟一样，都是会上瘾的。UK noun uncountable 
what's the betting? informal (also what do you bet?/the betting is) 
■used to say that it is very likely that something is true or will happen    很可能是真的，很可能会发生
What's the betting Dan forgets to bring the tickets?   丹十之八九会忘了带票，你敢打赌吗？



★☆☆   betting shop
—————————————————
 UK 
noun countable 
■a place where people go to risk money on horse races or other sports events 
  （赛马等）投注站



★☆☆   between
—————————————————
preposition adverb 
SPACE  空间  
 ESSENTIAL  
■in or into the space which separates two places, people or objects 
  （空间上）在…中间，在…之间
The town lies halfway between Rome and Florence.   这城镇位于罗马和佛罗伦斯的中间。
Standing between the two adults was a small child.   站在两个大人之间的是个小孩。
She squeezed between the parked cars and ran out into the road.   她在停泊的车子间挤来挤去，最后跑到马路上。
A narrow path ran in between the two houses.   一条狭窄的小路在两幢房子之间穿过。preposition adverb 
AMOUNT  数量  
 ESSENTIAL  
■If something is between two amounts, it is greater than the first amount but smaller than the second 
  （数量）介乎…之间
She weighs between 55 and 60 kilograms.   她的体重在55到60公斤之间。
The competition is open to children between six and twelve years of age.   比赛是为6至12岁的孩子而设的。
The room was either extremely cold or hot, never anything in between (= in the middle).   这间房屋不是极冷就是极热，从来都没有不冷不热的时候。preposition adverb 
TIME  时间  
 ESSENTIAL  (also in between) 
■in the period of time which separates two different times or events 
  （时间上）在…中间，在…之间
You shouldn't eat between meals.   你不应该吃零食。
There is a break of ten minutes between classes.   课堂间有十分钟的休息时间。
The shop is closed for lunch between 12.30 and 1.30.   这间商店在午餐时间关门，时间是12点半到1点半。
In between sobs, he managed to tell them what had happened.   他泣不成声，呜咽着向他们诉说所发生的一切。preposition adverb 
between times 
■during the periods between the separate events mentioned    在这期间
If you only go to the supermarket once a month, what do you do between times?   如果你一个月只去一次超级市场，那么在不去那里的这段时间，在做甚么呢？preposition 
AMONG  在…之间  
 ESSENTIAL  
■among two or more people or things    在（两个或两个以上的人或事）之间
The money was divided equally between several worthy causes.   那笔钱被平均分配给几个有价值的项目。
We drank two bottles of wine between four of us.   我们四个人喝了两瓶酒。
Trade between the two countries (= Their trade with each other) has increased sharply in the past year.   在过去的一年间，两国之间的贸易额急剧增加。
There is a great deal of similarity between Caroline and her mother (= They are very similar).   卡罗琳和她的母亲有很多相似之处。
You'll have to choose between (= choose either) a holiday or a new washing machine.   你必须在渡假和买洗衣机之间作出选择。
She was torn between loyalty to her father and love for her husband (= She could not decide which one to support).   对父亲的感情和对丈夫的爱不能两全，这让她左右为难。
 ESSENTIAL  
■A discussion, argument or game between two or more people or groups of people involves both people or groups 
  （讨论、争论或比赛）发生在…之间
The negotiations between the union and management have broken down.   工会和资方的谈判已经破裂。
There has always been a fierce rivalry between the two clubs.   这两个俱乐部之间的竞争一直很激烈。
Tonight's game is between the New Orleans Saints and the Los Angeles Rams.   今晚举行的是新纽奥良圣徒队和洛杉矶公羊队之间的比赛。preposition 
CONNECTING  连接  
 ESSENTIAL  
■connecting two or more places, things or people    来往于…之间；连接着…
There is a regular train service between Glasgow and Edinburgh.   有定期列车往返格拉斯哥和爱丁堡。
The survey shows a link between asthma and air pollution.   调查显示哮喘病与空气污染有关。
 ESSENTIAL  
■from one place to another 
  （地点）从…到…；往返于
He commutes daily between Leeds and Manchester.   他每天往返于里兹和曼彻斯特。preposition 
SEPARATING  分开  
 ESSENTIAL  
■separating two places or things    分隔着；区分…
The wall between East and West Berlin came down in 1989.   将东西柏林隔开的柏林围墙于1989年被推倒了。
The report states that the gap between the rich and the poor has increased dramatically over the past decade.   报告显示在过去十年间，贫富差距明显地变得更大。preposition 
between you and me (US also between us) 
■an expression used to tell someone that what you are about to say should be kept secret    作为你我之间的秘密
Between you and me, I don't think she'll stay in this job very long.   不要告诉别人，我觉得她做这份工作不会太久。



★☆☆   betwixt
—————————————————
 old use 
■betwixt and between 
■between two positions, choices or ideas and unable or unwilling to decide between them    在中间；模棱两可；非此非彼；犹豫不决



★☆☆   bevel
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a sloping edge    斜边
■a tool used to make a sloping edge    斜角规verb transitive (-ll- or US USUALLY -l-)
■to give something, such as a piece of wood or metal, a sloping edge    使成斜角（或斜面）
He bevelled the edges of the bookcase.   他将书架的边缘刨成斜面。



★☆☆   bevelled
—————————————————
 UK (ALSO mainly US beveled) ['bev.&#x259;ld]
adjective 
■having a sloping edge or surface    斜边的；斜面的；斜的
A picture frame often has bevelled edges.   画框的边缘多为斜面。



★☆☆   beverage
—————————————————
UK noun countable formal 
■a drink of any type    饮料
Hot beverages include tea, coffee and hot chocolate.   热饮包括茶、咖啡和热巧克力。
We do not sell alcoholic beverages.   我们不出售含酒精的饮料。



★☆☆   bevvy
—————————————————
noun countable UK slang 
■an alcoholic drink    酒
Are you coming down the pub for a bevvy?   你会到酒吧来喝一杯吗？



★☆☆   bevy
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a large group of people, especially women or girls, or a large group of similar things 
  （尤指妇女或女孩）一群
Victorian postcards often featured bevies of bathing beauties.   维多尼亚女王时代的明信片图案经常是一群游泳的美人。
■a large group of a particular type of bird    某种鸟类的鸟群
a bevy of quail/larks   一群鹌鹑／云雀



★☆☆   bewail
—————————————————
 literary 
verb transitive 
■to express great sadness or disappointment about something    为…而悲伤；哀叹
He bewailed his misfortune and the loss of his most treasured possessions.   他为自己遭受的不幸和失去大部分珍贵的财产而悲伤不已。



★☆☆   beware
—————————————————
UK verb 
 ADVANCED  intransitive or transitive 
■used to warn someone to be very careful about something or someone    当心，小心；注意，提防
Beware salespeople who promise offers that seem too good to be true.   要提防那些满口承诺的推销员，他们说得越天花乱坠，便越不可信。
You should beware of undercooked food when staying in hot countries.   留在气候炎热的国家里，小心别吃未煮熟的食物。
Beware of falling asleep while sunbathing.   晒日光浴时当心睡着。
 ADVANCED  intransitive 
■used on signs to warn people of something dangerous 
  （用于警告标志）当心，小心
Beware of the dog.   小心有狗。
Beware - poisonous chemicals.   小心——化学品有毒。



★☆☆   bewhiskered
—————————————————
UK adjective literary 
■(of a man) with hair on the lower part or sides of the face 
  （指男士）有络腮胡子的
He was a bewhiskered, distinguished-looking gentleman.   他是一位长络腮胡子，相貌不凡的男士。



★☆☆   bewigged
—————————————————
adjective literary 
■wearing a wig (= covering of artificial hair on the head)    戴假发的



★☆☆   bewilder
—————————————————
UK verb transitive 
■to confuse someone    使迷惑，使糊涂；难住
The instructions completely bewildered me.   说明书把我完全弄糊涂了。



★☆☆   bewildering
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■confusing and difficult to understand    令人困惑的；令人不知所措的
He gave me directions to his house, but I found them utterly bewildering.   他告诉我到他家的路，但我发现他指的路让人完全摸不着头绪。
■making you feel confused because you cannot decide what you want    使人困惑的
The college offers a bewildering range of courses.   学院开设了一大堆令人眼花缭乱的课程。



★☆☆   bewilderment
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■confusion 
a state of bewilderment   混乱状态
As he walked through the door, she stared at him in utter bewilderment.   他走过房门时，她极其困惑地盯着他。



★☆☆   bewitch
—————————————————
verb 
transitive often passive 
■to attract or interest someone a lot so that you have the power to influence them    使着迷；使迷惑
He was bewitched by her beauty.   他被她的美貌迷住了。
transitive 
■to put a magic spell on someone or something in order to control them    施魔力于，，蛊惑



★☆☆   bewitching
—————————————————
adjective 
■so beautiful or attractive that you cannot think about anything else    迷人的，令人销魂的
He was mesmerized by her bewitching green eyes.   他被她那双勾人魂魄的碧眼迷住了。



★☆☆   beyond
—————————————————
UK preposition adverb 
FURTHER AWAY  更远  
 ESSENTIAL  
■further away in the distance (than something)    在…较远的一边；远于
In the distance, beyond the river, was a small town.   在河对岸的远处有一座小镇。
From the top of the hill we could see our house and the woods beyond.   站在这个小山头，能看到我们的房子和远处的森林。UK preposition adverb 
OUTSIDE A LIMIT  范围之外  
 ESSENTIAL  
■outside or after (a stated limit) 
  （范围）超出；除…之外
Few people live beyond the age of a hundred.   很少有人活过100岁。
We cannot allow the work to continue beyond the end of the year.   我们不能允许这项工作拖延到下一年。
I've got nothing to tell you beyond (= in addition to) what I told you earlier.   除了先前告诉你的事情，我没有别的可说了。
The repercussions will be felt throughout the industry and beyond (= in other areas).   影响将波及整个产业及其他领域。
Tonight's performance has been cancelled due to circumstances beyond our control (= events which we are unable to deal with).   由于出现了一些我们无法控制的情况，今晚的演出取消了。
She has always lived beyond her means (= spent more than she has earned).   她生活总是入不敷出。
beyond belief/repair/ recognition, etc. 
■too great or bad for anyone to believe/repair/recognize, etc.    太…而难以置信／无法修复／难以辨认等等
His thoughtlessness is beyond belief.   他的轻率举止令人感到不可思议。
He survived the accident, but his car was damaged beyond repair.   他在车祸中幸存，但他的车却彻底撞毁了。
 beyond reasonable doubt UK and Australian English (US beyond a reasonable doubt) 
■If a legal case or a person's guilt is proved beyond reasonable doubt, there is enough proof for the person accused of a crime to be judged guilty 
  （案件或罪行）证据确凿的，确实的
Her guilt was established beyond reasonable doubt.   她的罪行确凿无疑。UK preposition adverb 
NOT UNDERSTAND  无法理解     informal 
■If something is beyond you, you are unable to understand it    令…无法理解；非…所能及
I'm afraid physics is completely beyond me.   恐怕我根本就学不会物理学。UK preposition adverb 
beyond compare literary 
■Something that is beyond compare is so great that nothing can be compared to it    无可比拟，无与伦比
Her beauty is beyond compare.   她的美貌无可比拟。UK preposition adverb 
 beyond your wildest dreams 
■to a degree or in a way you had never thought possible    超出（某人）想像；出乎（某人）意料
Suddenly she was rich beyond her wildest dreams.   她从未想过会突然发达。
The scheme succeeded beyond my wildest dreams.   计划大获成功，完全出乎我的意料之外。UK preposition adverb 
beyond a joke 
■If something is beyond a joke, it has stopped being funny and is now a serious matter    超出开玩笑的限度；令人极为难堪（或气愤）
I used to think he was funny, but his behaviour has now gone way beyond a joke.   我曾经以为他滑稽有趣，但他现在所做的已不是开玩笑的问题了。UK preposition adverb 
 beyond a shadow of a doubt 
■If you know or believe something beyond a shadow of a doubt, you are certain that it is true    确实；不容置疑
He is responsible beyond a shadow of a doubt.   毫无疑问，这应该由他负责。UK preposition adverb 
beyond the pale 
■If someone's behaviour is beyond the pale, it is unacceptable    越轨的；无法接受的
Her recent conduct is beyond the pale.   她最近的表现让人难以接受。UK preposition adverb 
from beyond the grave 
■after a person has died    过世之后，去世之后



★☆☆   BF
—————————————————
(also bf) 
■internet abbreviation for    * boyfriend 



★☆☆   BFPO
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable    abbreviation for 
■British Forces Post Office    英国军事邮局
BFPO is used as part of an address for letters sent to members of the British armed forces living in other countries.   在寄给驻外英国武装部队人员的信上，英国军事邮局用作地址的一部分。



★☆☆   bhaji
—————————————————
(also bhajee) ['b&#x251;:.d&#x292;i]
noun countable 
■a spicy South Asian cake made of vegetables, flour, egg and water, which is fried in oil    巴哈吉（一种印度辣蛋糕，用蔬菜、面粉、鸡蛋油炸而成）
an onion bhaji   洋葱巴哈吉



★☆☆   bhangra
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a type of pop music based on traditional music from North India and Pakistan    彭戈拉（一种基于印度北部和巴基斯坦传统音乐的流行音乐）



★☆☆   Bhutan
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■Geographical Name:Bhutan    不丹



★☆☆   Bhutanese
—————————————————
 (plural Bhutanese)
noun countable 
■Bhutanese    不丹人



★☆☆   bi-
—————————————————
prefix 
TWICE  两次  
■twice, or once every two    两次；每…两次；两…一次
We meet bi-monthly (= twice every month or once every two months).   我们每月见两次面／两个月见一次面。prefix 
TWO  二  
■having two    双
a biped (= an animal which walks on two legs)   两足动物
a biplane (= an old-fashioned aircraft with two wings)   双翼飞机



★☆☆   biannual
—————————————————
adjective [before noun] 
■happening twice a year    一年两次的，一年两度的；半年一次的
The committee has just published its biannual report.   委员会刚公布了半年度的报告。    Compare annual ; biennial



★☆☆   bias
—————————————————
noun 
PREFERENCE  偏爱  
 ADVANCED  countable usually singular uncountable 
■often supporting or opposing a particular person or thing in an unfair way by allowing personal opinions to influence your judgment    偏见；偏心；偏袒
The government has accused the media of bias.   政府指责新闻媒体有偏见。
Reporters must be impartial and not show political bias.   新闻记者必须公正，不应有政治偏见。
There was clear evidence of a strong bias against her.   有明显证据显示，她受到了严重不公平的对待。
There has always been a slight bias in favour of/towards employing arts graduates in the company.   公司内部一直有点偏向聘请文科毕业生。
 ADVANCED  countable usually singular 
■a preference towards a particular subject or thing    倾向；趋势；偏好
She showed a scientific bias at an early age.   她在少年时就表现出对科学的偏爱。noun 
CLOTHING  衣服  
uncountable specialized 
■a direction at an angle across the threads of woven material    斜纹
The dresses in his new winter collection are all cut on the bias (= in a diagonal direction across the cloth).   他设计的新款冬装都是斜裁的。verb transitive (-ss- or US USUALLY -s-)
■to cause someone or something to have a bias    使…怀有偏见
The judge ruled that the information should be withheld on the grounds that it would bias the jury against the accused.   法官因该资料会导致陪审团产生对被告不利的偏见，责令将其收回。



★☆☆   biased
—————————————————
(UK also biassed) ['ba&#x26A;.&#x259;st]
adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■showing an unreasonable like or dislike for a person based on personal opinions    偏袒一方的；有偏见的
The newspapers gave a very biased report of the meeting.   报纸对会议的报导明显偏袒一方。
I think she's beautiful but then I'm biased since she's my daughter.   我认为她很漂亮，不过毕竟她是我的女儿，我对她有点偏袒。    Opposite unbiased



★☆☆   biathlon
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a sports competition which combines skiing and shooting a rifle (= gun)    两项运动（包括越野滑雪和步枪射击）    Compare decathlon ; heptathlon ; pentathlon



★☆☆   bib
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a cover made of cloth or plastic which is worn by young children when eating to protect their clothes 
  （小孩的）围涎，围嘴，围兜noun countable 
your best bib and tucker UK old-fashioned 
■your best clothes which you wear on special occasions 
  （某人）最漂亮的衣服



★☆☆   bible
—————————————————
noun countable or only singular 
 IMPROVER  (usually Bible) (also Holy Bible) 
■(a copy of) the holy book of the Christian religion consisting of the Old and New Testaments, or the holy book of the Jewish religion consisting of the Law, the Prophets and the Writings    基督教《圣经》（包括《旧约》和《新约》）；犹太教《圣经》（包括《律法书》、《先知书》以及《圣录》）
In the Bible it says that Adam and Eve were the first human beings.   《圣经》中写道，亚当和夏娃是人类的祖先。
Her parents gave her a bible when she was a young child.   当她还是小孩时，她父母就给了她一本《圣经》。
Bible -reading classes are held in the church hall every Thursday evening.   读经班每周四晚上在教堂大厅上课。
■a book, magazine, etc. which gives important advice and information about a particular subject    权威著作
Vogue magazine quickly became the bible of fashionable women.   《时尚》杂志很快就成了时尚女性的必读宝典。



★☆☆   Bible-basher
—————————————————
UK US (mainly US Bible-thumper) informal disapproving 
noun countable 
■someone who tries in a forceful or enthusiastic way to persuade other people to believe in the Christian religion and the Bible 
  （基督教）《圣经》的狂热宣讲者



★☆☆   biblical
—————————————————
adjective 
■in or relating to the Bible    《圣经》中的；有关《圣经》的
They named their son Isaac after the biblical character.   他们们根据《圣经》中的人物为自己的儿子起名为以撒 。adjective 
but not in the biblical sense humorous 
■If you say you know someone but not in the biblical sense, you mean you have not had sex with them    没有性关系
"Did you know her?" "Yes - not in the biblical sense, of course."   “你以前认识她吗？”“认识─不过我们之间没有暧昧关系。”



★☆☆   bibliography
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a list of the books and articles that have been used by someone when writing a particular book or article    参考书目，文献目录
Other sources of information are found in the bibliography at the end of this article.   其他资料来源见文末的文献目录。



★☆☆   bibliophile
—————————————————
 formal 
noun countable 
■a person who loves or collects books    书籍爱好者；藏书家，图书收藏者



★☆☆   bicameral
—————————————————
UK US  specialized 
adjective 
■(of a government group) with two parts, such as the Senate and the House of Representatives in the United States 
  （政体）两院制的
a bicameral legislature   两院制立法机构



★☆☆   bicarb
—————————————————
UK US  informal 
noun uncountable 
■bicarbonate of soda 



★☆☆   bicarbonate of soda
—————————————————
UK  US mainly UK (mainly US baking soda) 
noun uncountable 
■a white powder used to make foods rise in baking    碳酸氢钠，小苏打
Mix together 250g plain flour and a teaspoon of bicarbonate of soda and then add to the cake mixture.   将250克原味面粉与一茶匙苏打粉搅拌在一起，然后加入蛋糕粉中。



★☆☆   bicentenary
—————————————————
UK US (US bicentennial) 
noun countable 
■the day or year which is 200 years after a particular event, especially an important one; the 200th anniversary    200周年；200周年纪念日
A statue was erected to mark the bicentenary of the composer's birth.   人们建了一尊塑像，纪念这位作曲家诞辰200周年。
bicentenary celebrations   200周年庆祝活动



★☆☆   bicentennial
—————————————————
noun adjective    US for 
■bicentenary 
bicentennial celebrations   200周年庆祝活动



★☆☆   biceps
—————————————————
 (plural biceps)
noun countable 
■the large muscle at the front of the upper arm 
  （上臂前侧的）二头肌    Compare triceps



★☆☆   bicker
—————————————————
UK US disapproving 
verb intransitive 
■to argue about things which are not important 
  （为小事）争吵，口角，斗嘴
Will you two stop bickering!   你们两个不要吵了！
They're always bickering with each other about/over their personal problems.   他们总是为个人问题而争吵。



★☆☆   bickie
—————————————————
 UK (Australian also bikkie) 
noun countable    informal for 
■biscuit (FLAT CAKE) 
I've bought a packet of choccy (= chocolate) bickies for tea.   我买了一包巧克力饼干作为茶点。



★☆☆   bicuspid valve
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■a mitral valve    二尖瓣



★☆☆   bicycle
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a two-wheeled vehicle that you sit on and move by turning the two pedals (= flat parts you press with your feet)    脚踏车，单车，自行车
I go to work by bicycle.   我骑脚踏车去上班。
He got on his bicycle and rode off.   他骑着脚踏车走了。
You should never ride your bicycle without lights at night.   你千万不要在晚上不开车灯骑脚踏车。noun countable 
  Common Learner Errors   bicycle   Warning: Check your spelling!   Bicycle is one of the 50 words most often spelled wrongly by learners.



★☆☆   bid
—————————————————
verb 
OFFER  出价  
 ADVANCED  intransitive or transitive (bidding, bid, bid)
■to offer a particular amount of money for something which is for sale and compete against other people to buy it, especially at a public sale of goods or property 
  （尤指在拍卖中）出价，喊价竞买
She knew she couldn't afford it, so she didn't bid.   她知道买不起，所以没有出价。
The communications group has shown an interest in bidding for the company.   该通讯集团有意出价竞买这间公司。
A foreign collector has bid £500 000 for the portrait.   一位外国收藏家出价50万英镑，买下了这幅画像。
[+ two objects] What am I bid for this fine vase?   各位愿给这精美的花瓶出价多少？
 ADVANCED  intransitive (bidding, bid, bid)
■If two or more people bid for a job, they compete with each other to do the work by offering to do it for a particular amount of money    投标，竞标
The department is trying to ensure fairer competition among firms bidding for government contracts.   该部门正努力确保竞标政府合约的公司之间能更公平地竞争。
 ADVANCED  transitive + to infinitive (bidding, bid, bid)
■If someone bids to do something, they compete with other people to do it    争取；竞争
Paris is bidding to host the next Olympics.   巴黎正在争取主办下一届的奥运会。verb 
TELL  告诉  
transitive (bidding, bid or bade, bidden)    old-fashioned 
■to give a greeting to someone, or to ask someone to do something    打招呼，致意；请求
[+ two objects] They bade her good morning.   他们向她说了一声早安。
I must now bid you farewell (= say goodbye to you).   我现在必须向您道别了。
literary She bade her hopes farewell (= She stopped being hopeful).   她已经不抱甚么希望了。
[+ (to) infinitive] He bade (= asked) them (to) leave at once.   他请他们马上离开。noun countable 
OFFER  出价  
 ADVANCED  
■an offer of a particular amount of money for something which is for sale    出价，喊价
I made a bid of $150 for the painting.   我出价150美元买这幅画。
She made/put in a bid of £69 000 for the flat, which was accepted.   她为这个单位出价69000英镑，并以这出价达成了交易。
 ADVANCED  
■an offer to do something when you are competing with other people to do it    投标，竞价
[+ to infinitive] Sydney made a successful bid to host the Olympic Games.   雪梨成功取得了奥运会申办权。
I gave the job to the contractors who made/gave the lowest bid (= who offered to do the work for the lowest amount of money).   我将这项工程给了投标出价最低的承包商。noun countable 
ATTEMPT  试图  
 ADVANCED  
■an attempt to achieve or get something    企图得到；努力争取
Her bid for re-election was unsuccessful.   她争取连任的努力没有成功。
The company has managed to fight off a hostile takeover bid (= an attempt by another company to take control of it).   公司成功挫败了一宗恶意的收购计划。
The government has reduced the cost of borrowing in a bid to get the economy moving again.   政府已经降低了借贷成本，试图重新刺激经济。



★☆☆   bidder
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who offers to pay a particular amount of money for something    出价最高的人
In an auction, goods or property are sold to the highest bidder (= the person who offers the most money).   在拍卖中，货物或地产会卖给出价最高的人。



★☆☆   bidding
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
OFFER  提供  
■when people offer to pay a particular amount of money for something    出价
Most of the bidding was done by telephone.   大部分的出价是透过电话进行的。
open the bidding 
■to make the first offer of money for an object at a public sale of goods    首先开价noun uncountable 
TELL  吩咐  
at sb's bidding    old-fashioned 
■You do something at someone's bidding if they have asked or told you to do it    遵从某人的吩咐或请求而做某事
At my grandmother's bidding, I wore my best dress.   按照祖母的要求，我穿上了最漂亮的衣服。



★☆☆   bidding war 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■when two or more companies or people compete against each other in order to buy something    竞买
British distributors are currently involved in a bidding war for the film.   英国发行商目前加入了这出电影的竞买大战。
L'Oreal wins bidding war for Maybelline.   欧莱雅公司竞购美宝莲公司获得成功。



★☆☆   biddy
—————————————————
 informal disapproving 
noun countable 
■an old woman    老婆子，老太婆
an old biddy   老太婆



★☆☆   bide
—————————————————
verb 
bide your time 
■to wait calmly for a good opportunity to do something    静候时机
She was biding her time until she could get her revenge.   她正在等待时机，报仇雪恨。



★☆☆   bidet
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a small low bath in which a person washes their bottom and sex organs    坐浴盆



★☆☆   biennial
—————————————————
adjective 
■happening once every two years    两年一次的    Compare annual ; biannualnoun countable 
■a plant that lives for two years, producing seeds and flowers in its second year    两年生植物（第二年开花）    Compare annual ; biannual ; perennial



★☆☆   bier
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a frame on which a dead body or a coffin is carried before a funeral    停尸架，棺材架



★☆☆   biff
—————————————————
 informal 
verb transitive 
■to hit someone, especially with the fist (= closed hand)    拳打，拳击
I biffed him on the jaw.   我用拳头打了他的下巴。 informal 
noun countable 
■a hit or punch    打，击
a biff on the nose   鼻子上挨的一拳



★☆☆   bifocals
—————————————————
UK plural noun 
■glasses with lenses that are divided into two parts. The upper half is for looking at things far away and the lower half is for reading or for looking at things that are near.    远视近视两用的眼镜



★☆☆   bifurcate
—————————————————
UK US formal 
verb intransitive 
■(of roads, rivers, branches) to divide into two parts 
  （道路、河流、树枝）分叉，分支
A sample of water was taken from the point where the river bifurcates.   水质样本取自河流分流处。



★☆☆   big
—————————————————
adjective (bigger, biggest)
LARGE  大的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■large in size or amount 
  （尺寸或数量）大的，巨大的
He's a big man.   他是个身材高大的人。
Could I try these shoes in a bigger size?   这双鞋我能试一双大一点的吗？
They've got a big house in the country.   他们在乡下有一幢大房子。
She has blonde hair and big blue eyes.   她有一头金黄的头发和一双大大的蓝眼睛。
She's had a big pay rise.   她的薪水增加了很多。
I had a great big slice of chocolate cake for tea.   我吃了一大件巧克力蛋糕作为茶点。
A thousand people took part in the region's biggest -ever cycle race.   有1000人参加了本地区有史以来规模最大的自行车赛。
informal You write August with a big (= capital) 'a'.   August 这个单词的首字母 a 要大写。
informal She's always been a big spender (= She has always spent a lot of money).   她总是挥霍金钱。
informal You're not a very big eater , are you? (= You do not eat a lot).   你吃得并不多，对吗？
■informal 
■older or more like an adult    年龄较大的，年长的；长大的
Her big (= older) sister/brother told her to go away.   她姐姐／哥哥叫她走开。
I'm ashamed of you. You're big enough to know better (= at an age where you should know that your behaviour is not acceptable).   我为你感到羞耻。你这么大了，该知道好歹了。
[before noun] informal 
■used to add emphasis 
  （用于强调）
You're a big (= such a) bully!   你真是一个大恶霸！
He fell for her in a big way (= was greatly attracted to her).   他被她深深吸引了。
  Common Learner Errors   big or great?   Remember: you do not usually use 'big' before uncountable nouns.   Don't say 'big progress/fun/shame/admiration', say great progress/fun/shame/admiration :
✗ My work is of big importance to me.
—————————————————
adjective (bigger, biggest)
IMPORTANT  重要的  
 ESSENTIAL  
■important, because of being powerful or having a lot of influence or a serious effect    重要的；影响大的；严重的
He had a big decision to make.   他必须做一个重要的决定。
There's a big difference between starting up a business and just talking about it.   真正创办一间企业和只是口头说说，是有很大区别的。
The big story in the news this week is the minister's resignation.   本周的重要新闻是部长获准请辞。
The four biggest banks are all planning to cut their service charges.   四大银行都在计划降低服务收费。
be big in somewhere/sth    informal 
■to be important or famous in a particular place or type of work    重要；名气大
They're big in Japan, but no one's heard of them here.   他们在日本的名气很大，但这里的人并没有听说过他们。
■informal 
■If a product or activity is big, it is extremely popular    流行的，受欢迎的
Grunge music was very big in the early 1990s.   油渍摇滚在20世纪90年代早期大受欢迎。adjective (bigger, biggest)
a big ask 
■something you ask someone to do that will be difficult for them    令人为难的请求
It's a big ask I know, but we need the project finished by June.   我知道这个要求令你为难，但是我们需要在六月之前完工。adjective (bigger, biggest)
be big of sb informal disapproving 
■If an action is big of you, it is kind, good, or helpful. This phrase is usually used humorously or angrily to mean the opposite 
  （某人）真好心，好慷慨（通常用作反语，表示幽默或气愤）
You can spare me an hour next week? That's really big of you!   下周你能为我抽出一个小时？你可真慷慨！adjective (bigger, biggest)
be big on sth informal 
■to like something very much    很喜欢…
I'm not very big on classical music.   我不太喜欢古典音乐。adjective (bigger, biggest)
be no big deal informal 
■to not be a serious problem    没有关系，没甚么了不起
We'll have to pay a little more - it's no big deal.   我们将不得不多付一点钱——这没有关系的。adjective (bigger, biggest)
Big deal! informal 
■said when you do not think that what someone has said or done is important or special    没甚么了不起！
"I ran five miles this morning." "Big deal! I ran ten."   “今天早上我跑了五英里。”“没甚么了不起！我跑了十英里。”adjective (bigger, biggest)
big fish/gun/noise (US big shot/wheel) informal 
■a person who has an important or powerful position in a group or organization    大人物，要人
She's a big gun in city politics.   她是市政要人。
He's a big shot in advertising.   他是广告界的大人物。adjective (bigger, biggest)
the big/bigger picture 
■the most important facts about a situation and the effects of that situation on other things 
  （情况的）最重要的资讯事实；（情况的）影响
In my political work I try to concentrate on the big picture and not be distracted by details.   在我的政治工作中，我试着着眼大局，而不是为枝节而分心。adjective (bigger, biggest)
the bigger the better 
■how much you value or want something is decided by how big it is    越大越好
He likes getting big presents - the bigger the better as far as he's concerned.   他喜欢收到大礼物——他认为礼物越大越好。adjective (bigger, biggest)
The bigger they are, the harder they fall. saying 
■said to emphasize that the more important or powerful a person is, the more difficult it is for them when they lose their power or importance    爬得越高，摔得越重。adjective (bigger, biggest)
the big I am informal disapproving 
■If someone is acting the big I am or giving it the big I am, they are behaving as if they are very important    自大，自负，自以为是
He was always giving it the big I am with his little gang.   他总是在自己的小圈圈里表现得狂妄自大。adjective (bigger, biggest)
have big ideas informal 
■to have plans which need great effort, skill and luck to achieve    有远大的理想，有抱负
She's got big ideas about starting up her own company.   她的远大理想是创办自己的公司。adjective (bigger, biggest)
make it big informal 
■to become famous or successful    功成名就，飞黄腾达adjective (bigger, biggest)
too big for your boots UK (US too big for your britches) informal 
■behaving as if you are more important than you really are    自以为是；摆架子
He's been getting a bit too big for his boots since he got that promotion.   自从那次晋升后，他变得越来越自大了。adjective (bigger, biggest)
What's the big idea? informal 
■used to ask someone why they have done something annoying    你这是甚么意思?
What's the big idea? I was watching that programme!   你怎么回事？我正在看那个节目呢！verb informal 
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] big sb/sth up 
■to talk a lot about how excellent someone or something is, sometimes praising them or it more than is deserved 
  （过分）夸奖，赞扬




★☆☆   bigamy
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the crime of marrying a person while already legally married to someone else    重婚罪
In court, he admitted that he had committed bigamy.   在法庭上他承认犯了重婚罪。    Compare monogamy ; polygamy



★☆☆   big band 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a large group of musicians who play jazz and dance music, especially in the past 
  （尤指过去演奏爵士乐和舞曲的）大乐队
Big band music was very popular during the 1930s and 40s.   大乐队风格音乐在20世纪30年代和40年代特别流行。



★☆☆   Big Brother 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■a government, ruler or person in authority that has complete power and tries to control people's behaviour and thoughts, and limit their freedom    专制政府；独裁者



★☆☆   big bucks 
—————————————————
plural noun    US for 
■big money 



★☆☆   big business 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
BUSINESS  企业  
■powerful and influential (= having a lot of influence) businesses and financial organizations when considered as a group    大企业；大财团
The party receives most of its financial support from big business.   这个政党主要从大财团那里获得财力支持。noun uncountable 
POPULAR  普及  
■something which makes a lot of money    利润高的行业，赚钱的行业
Health clubs are big business these days.   如今健身俱乐部是很赚钱的。



★☆☆   big cat 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a lion, tiger or other large, wild animal from the cat family    大型猫科动物
Tigers are among the rarest of the big cats.   老虎是稀有的大型猫科动物。



★☆☆   big dipper
—————————————————
UK US UK old-fashioned 
noun countable 
■a small railway in an amusement park which travels very quickly along a narrow track that slopes and bends suddenly 
  （游乐场的）云霄飞车



★☆☆   Bigfoot
—————————————————
 (also Sasquatch) 
noun only singular 
■a large creature like a human covered in hair reported to exist in the northwestern United States and western Canada    北美野人（据说曾生活在美国西北部和加拿大西部）



★☆☆   big game 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■large wild animals that are hunted and shot for sport    大猎物



★☆☆   biggie
—————————————————
 informal 
noun countable 
■something which is very important or successful    重要的事情；成功的事情
The new Schwarzenegger movie will be the Hollywood biggie this summer.   阿诺史瓦辛格的新电影将是今夏好莱坞的重头戏。



★☆☆   big hair
—————————————————
 informal 
noun uncountable 
■hair that forms a large shape all around the head    蓬松的波浪发型
I had really big hair like Farrah Fawcett's.   我曾经有过像费拉·福赛特那样样蓬松的波浪发型。



★☆☆   big-head
—————————————————
 disapproving 
noun countable 
■someone who thinks that they are more important or more clever than they really are    自命不凡的人
He's always boasting. He's such a big-head!   他老是吹牛。真是个自负的家伙！



★☆☆   big-headed
—————————————————
 disapproving 
adjective 
■thinking that you are more important or more clever than you really are    自负的，傲慢的
She's so big-headed!   她自负得不得了！    Compare swollen head ; swollen-headed



★☆☆   big-hearted
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■kind and generous    善良的，慷慨的



★☆☆   big hitter 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an important and influential (= having a lot of influence) person or thing, especially of their particular type 
  （尤指某类）要人，重要的事情
The big hitters in the cast include Michael Caine and Ewan McGregor.   演员阵容中的大牌人物有米高‧凯恩和尤安‧麦格雷戈。



★☆☆   big league
—————————————————
 informal 
noun countable usually singular 
■the top level of a particular sport, business or activity in which there is the greatest competition and the greatest opportunity for success 
  （某运动、行业或活动的）顶级水准（竞争最激烈，成功的机遇也最大）
He is about to join the big league of Formula 1 in time for the start of the new season at the South African Grand Prix.   他即将晋身世界一级方程式拉力赛，并将参加新赛季初的南非大奖赛。
For the magazine to be successful, it will have to compete in the big league against leading weekly women's magazines.   想成功的话，该杂志就必须在主流市场和顶尖的女性周刊竞争。
We're not playing at local politics here - this is big league stuff.   我们并不是在玩地方政治的游戏——这是国家大事。



★☆☆   big money
—————————————————
 informal 
noun uncountable 
■a large amount of money    大笔的钱
Tournament organizers need to offer big money to attract the top players.   锦标赛筹办者需要提供大笔奖金，才能吸引高水准的运动员。



★☆☆   big mouth
—————————————————
 informal disapproving 
noun countable usually singular 
■If someone is or has a big mouth, they often say things which are meant to be kept secret    多嘴的人
He is/has such a big mouth.   他太多嘴了。
He went and opened his big mouth and told them the whole story.   他去了，并且多嘴多舌地把整件事告诉了他们。



★☆☆   big name
—————————————————
 informal 
noun countable 
■a famous or important person    名人；重要人物
Are there any big names in the movie?   这出电影里有大明星吗？
She's a big name in politics.   她是一位政界要人。



★☆☆   bigot
—————————————————
 disapproving 
noun countable 
■a person who has strong, unreasonable beliefs and who thinks that anyone who does not have the same beliefs is wrong    偏执的人，固执己见的人
a religious bigot   宗教偏执狂
He was known to be a loud-mouthed, opinionated bigot.   大家都知道他是一个高谈阔论、固执己见的偏执狂。



★☆☆   big-ticket
—————————————————
adjective [before noun]    US 
■Big-ticket things are expensive things to buy, such as cars or furniture.    昂贵的



★☆☆   big time
—————————————————
 US informal 
adverb 
■If you do something big time, you do it to a great degree    很大程度上，非常
"How was the interview?" "Terrible, I messed up big time."   “面试怎么样？”“糟透了，我完全弄砸了。”
Chrissy's into disco big time (= likes disco a lot).   克丽茜很喜欢跳迪期可舞。 US informal 
noun 
the big time 
■the state of being famous or successful    出名，成功
She finally hit the big time (= became famous or successful) with her latest novel.   她最终因为新出版的小说而一举成名。
You've really made the big time now (= become famous or successful).   你现在真是功成名就了。



★☆☆   big toe 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the largest toe on your foot    大脚趾



★☆☆   big top 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■the main tent in a circus 
  （马戏团的）大帐篷



★☆☆   big wheel
—————————————————
 UK (US ferris wheel) 
noun countable 
■a large vertical wheel in an amusement park with seats which stay horizontal as the wheel turns round 
  （游乐场的）摩天轮



★☆☆   bigwig
—————————————————
 informal 
noun countable 
■a person who has an important or powerful position    大人物，要人
We were invited to a lunch with local bigwigs.   我们受邀与当地要人共进午餐。



★☆☆   big word
—————————————————
 informal 
noun countable 
■a long, difficult word, or a word which expresses a serious or important idea    又长又艰深的生字；表达严肃或重要概念的字眼
He tried to impress his teachers by using big words in all his essays.   他在所有的作文中，试图以又长又艰深的生字，使老师留下好印象。



★☆☆   bijou
—————————————————
 UK 
adjective [before noun] 
■(especially of a building) small but attractive and fashionable 
  （尤指建筑）精巧的，小巧玲珑的
The harbour front is lined with bijou cafés and bars.   港口海滨有一排小巧别致的咖啡厅和酒吧。
The estate agent described the flat as a bijou residence.   地产经纪把那间公寓描述为玲珑别致的居所。



★☆☆   bike
—————————————————
noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a bicycle    脚踏车，单车，自行车
It would be better for the environment if more people used bikes rather than cars.   如果更多的人踏脚踏车，而不是开汽车，将会对环境更有益。
My youngest child is learning to ride a bike.   我最小的孩子正在学骑脚踏车。
 IMPROVER  informal 
■a motorcycle    摩托车noun countable 
On yer bike! UK slang 
■a rude way of telling someone to go away    走开！滚开！
"Can you lend me some money?" "On yer bike, mate!"   “你能借我一点钱吗？”“你这家伙，走开！”verb 
intransitive informal 
■to go somewhere by bicycle    骑脚踏车去
Should we bike to the park, or walk?   我们骑脚踏车去公园，还是走路去？
transitive 
■to use a motorcycle to take something to someone    骑摩托车运送…
We biked a copy over to Greg at the BBC.   我们骑着摩托车，给英国广播公司的葛列格送了一份文件。



★☆☆   biker
—————————————————
UK US UK and US (Australian bikie) 
noun countable 
■a member of a gang (= group) of people riding motorcycles    摩托车帮的成员
We were overtaken by a crowd of bikers doing over 90 mph.   我们被一群摩托车车手超车，他们的车速都在每小时90英里以上。



★☆☆   bike rack
—————————————————
 US 
noun countable 
■a cycle rack 



★☆☆   bike shed
—————————————————
 UK 
noun countable 
■a small building in which bicycles are stored    自行车车棚
Your bike will be safer if you leave it in the bike shed.   如果你把脚踏车放在车棚里，这会更安全。



★☆☆   bikini
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a two-piece swimming costume for women    比基尼泳衣，三点式泳衣，比基尼泳装
a bikini top   比基尼上装，比基尼上衣
bikini bottoms/briefs   比基尼三角裤，比基尼内裤
One-piece swimming costumes are more fashionable than bikinis this year.   今年连身泳衣较比基尼泳衣更流行。



★☆☆   bikkie
—————————————————
noun countable    Australian informal for 
■biscuit (FLAT CAKE) 



★☆☆   bilabial
—————————————————
 specialized 
adjective 
■(of a sound) made using both lips 
  （语音）双唇的
'P' is a bilabial consonant.   P是个双唇辅音。



★☆☆   bilateral
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■involving two groups or countries    双边的，双方的
France and Germany have signed a bilateral agreement to help prevent drug smuggling.   法国和德国已经签署了一项双边协定，以防止毒品走私。    Compare multilateral ; unilateral



★☆☆   bilberry
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the dark blue fruit of a small bush which grows wild in Great Britain and northern Europe, similar to a blueberry    欧洲越橘



★☆☆   bilby
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a type of marsupial that lives in Australia and that looks like a rat with grey fur and long ears    兔耳袋狸



★☆☆   bile
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a bitter yellow liquid produced by the liver which helps to digest fat    胆汁
Meat-eaters must produce extensive bile acids in their intestines to properly digest the meat that they eat.   食肉者的肠道内必须分泌大量的胆汁酸，以彻底消化所吃的肉。
■when you feel or show bitter (= angry and upset) feelings    愤怒，怒气
His article was full of loathing and bile.   他的文章充斥着憎恨和愤怒。



★☆☆   bile duct 
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■a tube from the liver and gall bladder through which bile passes into the small intestine    胆管



★☆☆   bilge
—————————————————
noun 
TALK  谈话  
uncountable old-fashioned slang 
■nonsense    无聊的话，废话；胡说
Don't talk such bilge!   不要说这么无聊的话！noun 
SHIP  船  
countable usually plural 
■the bottom inside part of a ship where dirty water collects    底舱
The bilges had been pumped and the ship was ready to set sail once again.   底舱的污水已经抽干了，轮船已做好再次启航的准备。



★☆☆   bilge water 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the dirty water that collects in the bottom inside part of a ship    底舱的污水



★☆☆   bilingual
—————————————————
adjective 
■(of a person) able to use two languages for communication, or (of a thing) using or involving two languages 
  （人）熟悉两种语言的，能说两种语言的；用两种语言的
She works as a bilingual secretary for an insurance company.   她在一家保险公司担任双语秘书。
a bilingual dictionary   双语词典    Compare monolingual ; multilingual ; trilingual



★☆☆   bilious
—————————————————
adjective 
■relating to an illness caused by too much bile , which can cause vomiting    患胆病的；胆汁分泌过多的
She suffered from bilious attacks.   她胆病发作了。
■If someone is bilious, they are always in a bad mood    易怒的，暴躁的
a bilious old man   脾气乖戾的老人
■extremely unpleasant    令人十分不快的，使人厌恶的
His shirt was a bilious shade of green.   他的衬衫是那种令人反感的绿色。



★☆☆   bill
—————————————————
noun 
REQUEST FOR PAYMENT  要求付帐  
 ESSENTIAL  countable or only singular 
■a request for payment of money owed, or the piece of paper on which it is written    帐单
an electricity/gas/phone bill   电／煤气／电话费帐单
They sent us a bill for the work they had done.   他们寄给我们索取工资的帐单。
She ran up (= caused herself to have) a huge phone bill talking to her boyfriend for hours.   由于与男友在电话聊天数小时，她的电话费大增。
They asked the waitress for the bill.   他们叫女侍者把帐单拿来。
Could we have the bill, please?   请替我们结帐好吗？
Her mother agreed to foot (= pay) the bill.   她母亲同意付帐单。noun 
LAW  法律  
 IMPROVER  countable 
■a formal statement of a planned new law that is discussed before being voted on    议案，法案
The bill was amended (= changed).   议案被修订了。
When a bill is passed in parliament it becomes law.   一旦某项法案在议会通过，它便成为了法律。
informal The bill was thrown out (= did not go past the first stage of discussion and will not become law).   这项议案被否决了。noun 
MONEY  钱  
countable mainly US (UK usually note) 
■a piece of paper money    钞票，纸币
a dollar/one-dollar bill   一美元的钞票
a ten-dollar bill   面值十美元的钞票
⇨ See also billfoldnoun 
BIRD  鸟  
countable 
■the beak of a bird    鸟嘴，喙noun 
NOTICE  通知  
countable 
■a notice giving information about especially an event or performance    招贴，海报，广告
be on the bill 
■to be performing in a show    参加表演
There were lots of big names (= famous people) on the bill.   有很多明星参与演出。
head/top the bill 
■to be the most important actor in a show    领衔，主演noun 
fill/fit the bill 
■to be exactly what is needed in a particular situation    符合需要，正适会
That box will fill the bill nicely.   那个盒子正好合用。verb 
REQUEST PAYMENT  开立帐单  
transitive 
■to give or send someone a bill asking for money that they owe for a product or service    给…开立帐单；给…寄帐单
Please bill me for any expenses you incur.   请把你的所有花费都记在我的帐上。verb 
ADVERTISE  广告  
transitive usually passive 
■to advertise something with a particular description    做（广告）；透过广告宣传
The film was billed as a romantic comedy.   那出电影被宣传成浪漫喜剧。verb 
  Phrasal Verbs   [usually passive] bill sb as sth 
■to describe someone in a particular way in order to advertise them    把（某人）宣传为…
The young author was billed as 'the new Beckett'.   这位年轻作家被吹捧为“新贝克特”。




★☆☆   billabong
—————————————————
UK  US Australian 
noun countable 
■a low area of ground which was part of a river in the past, which only fills up with water when the river floods 
  （旧时只有雨季才有水的）干涸的河床



★☆☆   billboard
—————————————————
UK noun countable    US for 
■hoarding (ADVERTISEMENT) 



★☆☆   billet
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a place for especially soldiers to stay in for a short time 
  （尤指士兵的）临时住宿处
Our billets were about a mile out of town, in a row of farm cottages.   我们的临时住宿处离城一英里远，在一排农舍里。



★☆☆   billet-doux
—————————————————
 (plural billets-doux)    literary 
noun countable 
■a love letter    情书



★☆☆   billfold
—————————————————
UK noun countable    US for 
■wallet (= a small folding case for carrying money)    钱包



★☆☆   billhook
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a tool with a wide blade on top of a long pole used for cutting branches off trees 
  （修剪树枝用的）钩镰，砍刀



★☆☆   billiards
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a game played by two people on a table covered in green cloth in which a cue (= a long pole) is used to hit balls against each other and into pockets around the table    撞球运动



★☆☆   billing
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
REQUEST FOR PAYMENT  要求付帐  
■the process of sending people bills asking them to pay money owed    寄发帐单（要求付帐）
itemized (= detailed) billing   详细的帐单noun uncountable 
SHOW INFORMATION  宣传  
■information, especially about a performance 
  （尤指演出的）广告，宣传
Unfortunately, the show never lived up to (= was not as good as) its billing.   不幸的是，演出不像宣传的那样好。
star/top billing 
■in a show or film, etc. when someone is advertised as the most important actor    主演，领衔



★☆☆   billion
—————————————————
noun countable 
 IMPROVER  
■the number 1 000 000 000    十亿
Cosmetics is a billion dollar industry.   化妆品行业是个价值十亿美元的产业。
■UK old-fashioned 
■1 000 000 000 000    一万亿
a billion/billions of sth    informal 
■a very large number 
  （数目）非常多
There were billions of flies everywhere.   到处都有许多的苍蝇。noun countable 
  Common Learner Errors   billions (of sth) or billion?   When billion is used after a particular number, it is used in the singular form and without 'of'.   Don't say 'five/ten/fifteen billions of sth', say five/ten/fifteen billion sth:
✗ The palace cost at least 3 billions of dollars to build.   The palace cost at least 3 billion dollars to build.   When billion is used without a particular number, it is used in the plural form and is sometimes followed by 'of':   The palace must have cost billions (of dollars) to build.



★☆☆   billionaire
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a person whose wealth is at least 1 000 000 000 in their country's money    亿万富翁，拥有十亿家产的人



★☆☆   billionth
—————————————————
UK ordinal number 
■1 000 000 000 th written as a word    第十亿个
A nanometre is a billionth of a metre.   一奈米是一米的十亿分之一。UK noun countable 
■one of a billion equal parts of something    十亿分之一
a billionth of a second   十亿分之一秒



★☆☆   bill of fare
—————————————————
 old-fashioned 
noun countable usually singular 
■a menu (= list of food) in a restaurant    菜单



★☆☆   bill of rights 
—————————————————
noun only singular 
■a statement of the basic laws which are meant to protect a country's citizens from not having justice or fairness 
  （保护公民享有公正平等权利的）法律声明



★☆☆   billow
—————————————————
UK verb intransitive 
■to spread over a large area, or (especially of things made of cloth) to become filled with air and appear to be larger    波浪般起伏，汹涌向前；（尤指布制品）鼓起
Smoke billowed (out) from the burning building.   缕缕浓烟不断从着火的大楼里涌出来。
The sheets/shirts hanging on the line billowed in the breeze.   挂在绳子上的床单／衬衫在微风中飘动。
We watched the boats with their billowing sails.   我们看着那些小船鼓起船帆。



★☆☆   billy
—————————————————
 (also billycan) UK 
noun countable 
■a metal container used for cooking outside over a fire 
  （供野外烹调用的）金属罐



★☆☆   billy club 
—————————————————
noun countable    US for 
■truncheon 



★☆☆   billy goat 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a male goat    公羊



★☆☆   billy-o
—————————————————
UK  US UK old-fashioned slang 
adverb 
like billy-o 
■a lot or very quickly, strongly, etc.    许多；很快；猛烈地
We worked like billy-o to get it finished.   我们拼命工作，争取完成任务。



★☆☆   biltong
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■meat that has been cut into long pieces, flavoured with spices and dried    晒干的腌瘦肉条



★☆☆   bimbo
—————————————————
UK  US (plural bimboes or bimbos)    slang disapproving 
noun countable 
■a young woman considered to be attractive but not intelligent    头脑简单的美人
He went out with a succession of blonde bimbos.   他不断与傻里傻气的金发美女约会。



★☆☆   bimetallic strip
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■a strip, used in a thermostat , made from two different metals which expand by different amounts when heated, causing it to bend and switch the device on or off 
  （用于恒温器等的）双金属条；双金属片



★☆☆   bimonthly
—————————————————
adjective adverb 
■happening or appearing every two months or twice a month    两月一次的；一月两次的
a bimonthly publication/report   双月刊／报告
The magazine is published bimonthly, with six issues a year.   这本杂志每两月出版一期，一年六期。



★☆☆   bin
—————————————————
noun countable 
WASTE  垃圾  
 ESSENTIAL  UK 
■a container for waste    垃圾箱
a litter bin   废物箱
a rubbish bin   垃圾箱
The supermarket has installed recycling bins for old newspapers, bottles and cans.   这间超级市场安放了回收旧报纸、旧瓶子和旧罐头盒的废物箱。
Do you want this or shall I throw it in the bin?   你要这个吗，还是让我把它扔进垃圾箱？
 ESSENTIAL  UK    * a dustbin noun countable 
STORAGE  储存  
■a large storage container    容器，箱子，柜
a bread bin   面包箱verb transitive (-nn-)    UK 
■to throw something into the bin    把…扔进垃圾箱
Shall I bin these old shoes?   我该把这些旧鞋丢进垃圾箱吗？



★☆☆   binary
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■consisting of two parts    双的；由两部分组成的



★☆☆   binary number 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a number that is expressed using 1 and 0    二进位制
Computers operate using binary numbers.   电脑用二进位制运算。



★☆☆   bin bag
—————————————————
(also bin _liner) UK 
noun countable 
■a plastic bag that you put inside a container for holding waste    垃圾袋



★☆☆   bind
—————————————————
verb (bound, bound)
 ADVANCED  transitive 
■to tie tightly or to fasten    捆绑，捆扎
They bound the packages with brightly coloured ribbon.   他们用鲜艳的彩带把包裹扎起来。
Bind together the two broken ends.   把断了的两端连起来。
The prisoner was bound hand and foot.   那名囚犯手脚被绑。
transitive 
■to unite people    使团结；使联合
The things which bind them together are greater than their differences.   将他们团结在一起的力量胜过他们的分歧。
transitive (also bind up) 
■To bind a part of the body, especially a part which is damaged, is to tie something round it    包扎
He had already bound the child's arm when I arrived.   当我到达时，他已经把孩子的手臂包扎好了。
transitive 
■to sew or stick material along the edges of something such as a jacket, in order to make it stronger or to decorate it    给…镶边；缝牢…的边
transitive 
■to make separate pieces of paper into a book    装订（书籍）；把…装订成册
There are several different ways to bind a book, for example you can stitch or stick the pages together.   钉装书籍的方法有几种，比如你可以将书页缝在一起或黏在一起。
⇨ See also bookbinding
intransitive or transitive 
■When an egg or water is used especially in cooking to bind something it provides a way of making everything stick together in a solid mass 
  （使）黏合；（使）凝结
The mixture wouldn't bind (together).   这种混合物不会凝结。verb (bound, bound)
  Phrasal Verbs   [usually passive] bind sb to sth 
■to force someone to keep a promise    使（某人）保证；迫使（某人）遵守约定
His sister had been bound to secrecy.   他妹妹被迫承诺保守秘密。
We are bound to the original contract.   我们都要遵守原本的合约。noun only singular informal 
■a difficult situation in which you are prevented from acting as you might like    困境
Having to visit her every week is a terrible bind.   每周都要拜访她，真令人难受。
Borrowing money may put you in a real bind.   借钱可能会令你真正陷入困境。



★☆☆   binder
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a hard cover in which paper documents or magazines are stored    活页夹
a leather/plastic binder   皮质／塑胶活页夹
■* a bookbinder 



★☆☆   bindi
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a small coloured mark or jewel (= precious stone) that is worn between the eyebrows , especially by Hindu women to show that they are married 
  （尤指印度已婚妇女额头上的）人工痣
Many of my single Hindu friends wear bindis to parties.   我的很多单身印度朋友参加派对时，额头上的确会点上痣。



★☆☆   binding
—————————————————
adjective 
■(especially of an agreement) which cannot be legally avoided or stopped 
  （尤指协议）必须遵守的，有结束力的
a binding agreement   必须遵守的协定
The contract wasn't legally binding.   这份合约在法律上没有约束力。noun 
countable or uncountable 
■the type of cover that a book has 
  （书籍的）封皮
uncountable 
■a thin strip of material which can be sewn along the edges of clothes or other objects    镶边，滚边



★☆☆   bindweed
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a wild plant with white and pink flowers that twists itself around other plants as it grows    旋花类植物



★☆☆   binge
—————————————————
 informal 
noun countable 
■an occasion when an activity is done in an extreme way, especially eating, drinking or spending money 
  （尤指在饮食和花钱方面）无节制的狂热行为
a drinking/eating/spending binge   狂饮／暴食／滥花钱
The annual office binge (= party) is in December.   办公室每年12月份都会举行一次的狂欢派对。
He went on a five day drinking binge.   他连续五天狂饮。 informal 
verb intransitive (bingeing or binging)
■to eat a lot of something    狂吃，无节制地吃
I tend to binge on chocolate when I'm watching TV.   看电视时我喜欢大吃巧克力。



★☆☆   binge drinking 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■when someone drinks too much alcohol on one occasion    喝酒暴饮



★☆☆   binge eating 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■eating a lot of food, especially without being able to control yourself 
  （尤指不能自控的）暴食



★☆☆   bingo
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a game in which prizes can be won by matching numbers on a card with those chosen by chance    宾果游戏（一种赌博游戏）UK exclamation informal 
■an expression of surprise and, usually, pleasure 
  （表示惊讶、得意）瞧，嘿
I was just about to borrow some money when bingo! - the cheque arrived.   瞧！我正打算去借钱时——支票到了。



★☆☆   binman
—————————————————
 UK 
noun countable 
■a dustman 



★☆☆   binoculars
—————————————————
UK plural noun 
■a pair of tubes with glass at either end that you look through to see things far away    双筒望远镜
a pair of binoculars   一副双筒望远镜



★☆☆   bio-
—————————————————
UK prefix 
■connected with life and living things    生命的；生物的；生物学的
bioethics   生物伦理学
biodiversity   生物多样性



★☆☆   biochemical
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■connected with the chemistry of living things    生物化学的



★☆☆   biochemistry
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the scientific study of the chemistry of living things    生物化学



★☆☆   biodata
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■details about someone's life, job and achievements 
  （有关个人情况的）详细资料



★☆☆   biodegradable
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■able to decay naturally and in a way that is not harmful    能进行生物降解的；可行生物分解的
Biodegradable packaging helps to limit the amount of harmful chemicals released into the atmosphere.   可生物分解的包装有助减少排放到大气层中的有害化学物质数量。



★☆☆   biodiesel
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■fuel made from vegetable oils or animal fat, which is less harmful to the environment    生质柴油（由植物油或动物脂肪制成的燃料，对环境危害性较低）



★☆☆   biodiversity
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the number and types of plant and animal species that exist in a particular environmental area or in the world generally, or the problem of protecting this    生物多样性
a new National Biological Survey to protect species habitat and biodiversity   在保护物种栖息地和生物多样性方面的一项新全国生态普查



★☆☆   bioethanol
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a fuel that is made from plants, and can be mixed with petrol as a fuel for cars    生质酒精



★☆☆   bioethics
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the study of and thinking about what is right and wrong in biological progress and activities such as genetic engineering and the transplantation of organs    生物伦理学
The uproar led to the establishment of bioethics committees to oversee research.   这场轩然大波导致了生物伦理学协会的建立，旨在对研究进行监管。



★☆☆   biofeedback
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■a method by which a person learns to control their heart rate or other physical or mental processes by using information from recordings of those processes    生物反馈



★☆☆   bioflavonoid
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a flavonoid    黄酮类化合物，维生素P



★☆☆   biofuel
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
■a fuel that is made from living things or their waste    生质燃料



★☆☆   biogas
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable specialized 
■a gas containing methane that can be burned as a fuel, produced by dead plants and animals as they decay    沼气



★☆☆   biographer
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■someone who writes the story of a particular person's life    传记作者
Boswell was Dr Johnson's biographer.   鲍斯威尔是约翰逊博士的传记作者。



★☆☆   biographical
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■about someone's life    生平
There was a biographical note about the author on the back of the book.   书的背面有作者的生平简介。



★☆☆   biography
—————————————————
UK noun countable or uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■the life story of a person written by someone else    传记
He wrote a biography of Winston Churchill.   他撰写了温斯顿‧丘吉尔的传记。    Compare autobiography ; hagiography



★☆☆   biological
—————————————————
UK adjective 
 ADVANCED  
■connected with the natural processes of living things    生物的；与生命过程有关的
the biological sciences   生物科学
Eating is a biological necessity !   吃是一种生理需求！
[before noun] 
■related by birth    亲生的
She decided to search for her biological mother after her adoptive parents died.   在养父母去世后，她决定去寻找自己的生母。
■UK 
■describes a substance used for cleaning that uses enzymes to remove dirt    生物（洗涤）的；加（生化）酶的
biological washing powder   加酶洗衣粉
⇨ See also non-bio
■using living matter, such as bacteria, to seriously harm and kill people and animals, and to damage crops    生化武器的
biological weapons/warfare   生物武器／生物战



★☆☆   biological clock 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■your body's natural habit of sleeping, eating, growing, etc. at particular times    生理时钟
Long-haul flights can seriously disrupt your biological clock.   长途飞行可能会严重扰乱你的生理时钟。noun countable 
biological clock is ticking (away) informal 
■When a woman says her biological clock is ticking (away), she means that she is worried that she is getting too old to have a baby.    生理时钟开始滴答作响（指女人担心自己很快就会年纪大得不宜生育）



★☆☆   biological control 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the use of one plant or animal to control another, especially to prevent disease or damage    生物控制，生物防治



★☆☆   biologist
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a scientist who studies biology    生物学家



★☆☆   biology
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
 ADVANCED  
■the scientific study of the natural processes of living things    生物学
human biology   人类生物学
marine biology   海洋生物学
molecular biology   分子生物学
The book deals with the reproductive biology of the buffalo.   这本书讲述野牛的生殖习性。



★☆☆   biomass
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable specialized 
■dead plant and animal material suitable for using as fuel    生物质能（指适合作燃料使用的死亡的动植物有机体）
biomass fuel/energy   生质燃料／生质能源
■the total amount of living things in a particular area    生物量



★☆☆   biome
—————————————————
UK noun countable specialized 
■a region of the Earth's surface and the particular combination of climate, plants and animals that are found in it    生物群系，生物群落
Tropical rainforest is a very complex biome.   热带雨林是一个非常复杂的生物群系。



★☆☆   biometric
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■referring to detailed information about someone's body, such as the patterns of colour in their eyes, which can be used to prove who they are    生物测定的；生物统计的
biometric data   生物统计数据
a biometric passport   生物特征辨识护照



★☆☆   bionic
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■using artificial materials and methods to produce especially a human activity or movement    仿生学的
a bionic arm/leg   仿生手臂／腿
■humorous 
■used to refer to a person who has greater powers of strength, speed etc. than seem to be possible for a human    神通广大的，能力超群的
a bionic man/woman   神通广大的男子／女子



★☆☆   biophysics
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the science that uses the laws and methods of physics to explain biology    生物物理学



★☆☆   biopic
—————————————————
UK US informal 
noun countable 
■a film about the life of a real person    传记片



★☆☆   biopsy
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■the removal and examination of tissue from an ill person, in order to discover more about their illness    活组织检查
a tissue biopsy   活组织检查



★☆☆   biorhythm
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a regular pattern of physical processes in an organism    生物周期；生物节奏
Some people believe your biorhythms can influence your moods and behaviour.   有些人认为生物节奏能够影响一个人的情绪和行为。



★☆☆   biosphere
—————————————————
UK US  specialized 
noun uncountable 
■the part of the Earth's environment where life exists    生物圈



★☆☆   biotechnology
—————————————————
UK US (informal biotech) 
noun uncountable 
■the use of living things, especially cells and bacteria, in industrial processes    生物技术；生物工艺学
a biotech company/firm   生物技术公司



★☆☆   bioterrorism
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■violent action using living matter, such as bacteria, to harm or kill people for political reasons    生物恐怖主义



★☆☆   biotic
—————————————————
UK adjective specialized 
■involving, caused by, or relating to living things in the environment    生物的，生态的
Climate can also be affected by biotic factors.   生态因素也可以对气候产生影响。



★☆☆   bipartisan
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■supported by or consisting of two political parties    为两党派所支持的；包括两个党派的
a bipartisan committee   代表两党的委员会



★☆☆   biped
—————————————————
 specialized 
noun countable 
■an animal that walks on two legs    两足动物    Compare quadruped



★☆☆   biplane
—————————————————
noun countable 
■an old type of aircraft with two sets of wings, one above the other    双翼飞机    Compare monoplane



★☆☆   bipolar disorder
—————————————————
UK US specialized 
noun uncountable 
■manic depression 



★☆☆   birch
—————————————————
UK noun 
TREE  树  
countable 
■a tree with a smooth, often white bark (= outer covering) and thin branches    桦树，白桦树UK noun 
PUNISHMENT  惩罚  
the birch only singular UK 
■an official punishment in the past, which involved hitting a person across the bottom with a stick, or the stick itself    鞭笞；用桦木条抽打



★☆☆   bird
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
CREATURE  生物  
 ESSENTIAL  
■a creature with feathers and wings, usually able to fly    鸟；禽
caged/wild birds   笼中鸟／野鸟
sea birds   海鸟
wading birds   涉禽
Most birds lay eggs in the spring.   大多数鸟类都在春天产卵。
Penguins and ostriches are flightless birds (= they cannot fly).   企鹅和鸵鸟都不会飞行。
We watched a flock of birds fly over the field.   我们看着一群鸟飞过田野。
⇨ See also dickybird;hummingbird;songbirdUK noun countable 
PERSON  人     old-fashioned 
■a particular type of person    某类人；家伙
He's a rare bird, is Nick.   像尼克这样的人很少见。
■UK slang 
■a young woman    头脑简单的美女
Is that Lee's new bird?   那是李尔新认识的女子吗？
old bird    informal 
■an older woman    老妇人
disapproving This old bird was lecturing the shop assistant about her manners.   这个老太婆正在训斥女店员对她无礼。
approving She's a game (= energetic and willing to do risky things) old bird.   她是一位精力旺盛、敢于冒险的老人。UK noun countable 
be (strictly) for the birds US informal 
■to be stupid or not important    愚蠢的；不重要的UK noun countable 
The bird has flown. UK saying 
■said when the person you are looking for has gone away or escaped    要找的人跑掉了。UK noun countable 
A bird in the hand (is worth two in the bush). saying 
■said when you recognise that you should not risk losing something you already have by trying to get something you think might be better    两鸟在林不如一鸟在手。UK noun countable 
the birds and the bees humorous 
■the basic facts about sex and reproduction    性的基本知识
She's only six, but she already knows about the birds and the bees.   她虽然只有六岁，却已经懂得性方面的基本知识。UK noun countable 
bird's eye view 
■a view from a very high place which allows you to see a large area    俯视，鸟瞰
Climb to the top of the Eiffel Tower if you want a bird's eye view of Paris.   如果你想俯瞰巴黎，就要爬到艾菲尔铁塔顶上去。UK noun countable 
birds of a feather slightly disapproving 
■people who are similar in character    一类人；志趣相投者
He'll get on well with Anthony - they're birds of a feather.   他会与安东尼相处得很好——他们正好志趣相投。UK noun countable 
 Birds of a feather flock together. saying 
■said about people who have similar characters or interests, especially ones of which you disapprove, and who often spend time with each other    物以类聚，人以群分。UK noun countable 
do bird UK old-fashioned slang 
■to spend time in prison    坐牢UK noun countable 
(as) free as a bird 
■completely free to do as you want    完全自由的



★☆☆   bird bath 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a bowl filled with water for birds to drink and bathe (= cover themselves in water) in    鸟盆，供鸟戏水的水盆



★☆☆   birdbrain
—————————————————
UK US  mainly US informal 
noun countable usually singular 
■a stupid person    傻瓜，笨蛋



★☆☆   birdcage
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a container in which birds are kept so that people can look at them    鸟笼



★☆☆   bird dog 
—————————————————
noun countable    US for 
■gun dog 



★☆☆   bird feeder 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a device containing nuts or seeds for wild birds to eat    喂鸟器



★☆☆   bird flu 
—————————————————
noun uncountable (also avian _flu) 
■an illness that kills birds and can sometimes pass from birds to people    禽流感（一种能导致禽类死亡，并能传染给人类的疾病）



★☆☆   birdhouse
—————————————————
UK noun countable    US for 
■nesting box 



★☆☆   birdie
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
BIRD  鸟     child's word 
■a small bird    小鸟UK noun countable 
GOLF  高尔夫球  
■(in golf) getting the ball into the hole in one shot (= hit) less than par (= the expected number) for that hole 
  （高尔夫球）小鸟击，小鸟球，博蒂（比标准杆少一杆入洞）UK noun countable 
NET GAME  线上游戏     US for 
■shuttlecock    羽毛球运动UK verb intransitive or transitive 
■(in golf) to get a birdie for a particular hole 
  （高尔夫球）小鸟击，博蒂
He birdied the fifth and the eighteenth and finished two strokes under par.   他的第5球和第18球入洞都是小鸟击，所以最终低于标准杆两杆。



★☆☆   birdlike
—————————————————
UK adjective 
■looking or behaving similar to a bird    似鸟的，像鸟的
He was a little birdlike man with a pointed nose and darting eyes.   他个子不高，尖鼻子，凸眼睛，长得像只鸟。



★☆☆   bird of paradise 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a bird found in New Guinea, of which the male has brightly coloured feathers    风鸟，极乐鸟，天堂鸟



★☆☆   bird of passage 
—————————————————
noun countable    UK 
■a bird which migrates (= moves from one area to another when the season changes)    候鸟
■a person who stays for only a short period of time in one place, job, etc.    漂泊不定的人；过客
At present the organization has to rely on young, inexperienced graduates who are usually birds of passage.   目前该机构不得不依赖没有经验的年轻毕业生，可这些人通常会跳槽。



★☆☆   bird of prey
—————————————————
(plural birds of prey)
noun countable 
■a bird, such as an eagle or a hawk , that kills and eats small birds and animals    猛禽



★☆☆   birdseed
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■seeds for feeding birds    鸟食



★☆☆   birdsong
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the musical calls of a bird or birds 
  （婉转动听的）鸟鸣，鸟叫声



★☆☆   bird table 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a raised structure outside a building on which food for wild birds is put    鸟食平台



★☆☆   bird-watching
—————————————————
UK noun uncountable 
■the hobby of studying wild birds in their natural environment 
  （在大自然中）观察研究野鸟



★☆☆   Birkenstock
—————————————————
UK US  trademark 
noun countable usually plural 
■a type of shoe which is very comfortable and which is often worn by people who care about the Earth and environmental problems    勃肯鞋（环保人士常穿的一种很舒适的鞋）



★☆☆   Biro
—————————————————
UK  US (plural Biros)    UK trademark 
noun countable 
■a type of ballpoint    伯罗牌原子笔



★☆☆   birth
—————————————————
UK noun 
 ESSENTIAL  countable or uncountable 
■the time when a baby comes out of its mother's body    出生
It was a difficult birth.   那是一次难产。
He weighed eight pounds at birth.   他出生时体重八磅。
More men are present at the births of their children these days.   现在更多父亲在孩子出生时也在场。
The application form will ask for your country/place of birth (= where you were born).   申请表上会要求你填写出生国藉／出生地。
 IMPROVER  countable 
■a child which is born    婴儿
The percentage of live births (= children who are born alive and continue to live) continues to increase.   婴儿成活率不断提高。
Registration of births and deaths became compulsory in 1871.   出生登记和死亡登记于1871年成为一种强制性的义务。
uncountable 
■the position of the family into which you are born, especially its social position 
  （尤指标志社会地位的）血统，出身
He had received all the advantages of birth (= having been born into a family of a high social class) and an expensive education.   他出身高贵，而且接受过良好的教育。
American/Italian, etc. by birth 
■born in a particular place or having parents with a particular nationality    生于美国／义大利等
Oscar Wilde was Irish by birth.   奥斯卡‧王尔德生于爱尔兰。UK noun 
give birth  IMPROVER  
■When a woman or female animal gives birth, she produces a baby from her body    分娩；生孩子
She gave birth to twins.   她生了一对双胞胎。
Our cat gave birth last night.   我们的猫昨晚生了小猫。
figurative This extraordinary experience gave birth to (= gave him the idea for) his latest novel.   这次非比寻常的经历激发他写出了这部最新小说。



★☆☆   birth canal 
—————————————————
noun countable specialized 
■the part of the female body which a baby travels through in order to be born naturally, from the uterus to the outside world    产道



★☆☆   birth certificate 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a document recording a baby's birth including such information as name, time, place, and parents    出生证；出生证明



★☆☆   birth control 
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■the various methods or types of equipment that allow people to have sex without having children    节育；避孕
a new type of birth-control pill   一种新型的避孕药



★☆☆   birthday
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
 ESSENTIAL  
■the day that is exactly a year or number of years after a person was born    生日
Happy birthday!   生日快乐！
Are you going to Ellen's birthday party next week?   下周你会参加爱伦的生日派对吗？
It's her 21st birthday.   这是她21岁的生日。UK noun countable 
in your birthday suit humorous 
■not wearing any clothes    赤身裸体



★☆☆   birth defect 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a physical or chemical problem with a body part or process which is present at birth    先天缺陷，先天缺损



★☆☆   birthmark
—————————————————
UK noun countable 
■a brownish or reddish mark which is on a person's skin from when they are born    胎记，胎痣



★☆☆   birth mother 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the woman who gave birth to a child, although she may not now be the child's legal mother    生母



★☆☆   birth parent 
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the woman who gave birth to a child or the man who helped to conceive a child (= cause a baby to begin to form) although she or he may not now be the child's legal parent    亲生父母；生父；生母



★☆☆   birthplace
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular 
■the house, town, etc. where a person was born    出生地



★☆☆   birth rate 
—————————————————
noun countable usually singular 
■the number of births which happen during a period of time in a particular place    出生率



★☆☆   birthright
—————————————————
UK noun countable usually singular uncountable 
■something which you believe you deserve to have because of your family situation or social class, or because you believe it is your right as a human being 
  （在家庭或社会中）与生俱来的权利；（人类的）基本权利
Americans see freedom of expression as their birthright.   美国人视言论自由是他们与生俱来的权利。
Some men see well-paid, powerful jobs as their birthright.   有些人认为拥有高薪厚职、位高权重的工作是他们与生俱来的权利。



★☆☆   biscuit
—————————————————
noun countable 
FLAT CAKE  薄身的饼  
 ESSENTIAL  UK (US cookie) 
■a small, flat cake that is dry and usually sweet    饼干；薄薄一片的甜饼
chocolate/ginger biscuits   巧克力／姜味饼干
a packet of biscuits   一包饼干
We had tea and biscuits at 3.30 p.m.   我们在下午三点半享用茶点。noun countable 
BREAD  面包     US 
■a type of bread usually baked in small, round pieces    松饼
baking-powder biscuits   焙粉松饼干
biscuits and gravy   松饼和肉汁noun countable 
(really) take the biscuit UK (US (really) take the cake) informal 
■You say that something or someone (really) takes the biscuit when they have done something that you find extremely annoying or surprising    极其讨厌；十分惊人
And you say she's opening your letters now? Oh, that really takes the biscuit!   你说她在拆你的信？啊，这可真令人难以置信！



★☆☆   bisect
—————————————————
verb transitive 
■to divide something into two, usually equal, parts    把…分为两部分；把…二等分
The new road will bisect the town.   新马路将把城市分成两部分。



★☆☆   bisector
—————————————————
UK noun countable specialized 
■a straight line that divides an angle or line into two equal parts    二等分线，平分线



★☆☆   bisexual
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a person who is attracted to both men and women    双性恋者    Compare heterosexual ; homosexual



★☆☆   bishop
—————————————————
noun countable 
 IMPROVER  
■a priest of high rank who is in charge of the priests of lower rank in a particular area    主教
the Bishop of Durham   达拉谟主教
Bishop Desmond Tutu   德斯蒙德‧图图主教
■(in chess) a piece that moves from corner to corner along squares of the same colour 
  （国际象棋中的）象



★☆☆   bishopric
—————————————————
noun countable 
■the period of time during which a person serves as a bishop    主教任期
■an area of a country for which a bishop is responsible    主教管辖区



★☆☆   bison
—————————————————
 (plural bisons or bison)
noun countable 
■a large wild animal, similar to a cow but having a larger head and shoulders covered in hair, found especially in North America    （尤指北美）野牛



★☆☆   bisque
—————————————————
noun uncountable 
■a thick creamy soup especially made from shellfish (= sea creatures that live in shells)    海味浓汤；贝类浓汤；海鲜浓汤



★☆☆   bistro
—————————————————
UK  US (plural bistros)
noun countable 
■a small informal restaurant or bar, especially in France or in a French style    （尤指法国的或法国风格的）小酒馆，小餐馆



★☆☆   bit
—————————————————
noun countable 
AMOUNT  数量  
 ESSENTIAL  informal 
■a small piece or amount of something    小块；少许，少量
Would you like a bit of chocolate?   你想要点巧克力吗？
The glass smashed into little bits.   玻璃杯摔成了小碎片。
There were bits of paper all over the floor.   地板上到处都是碎纸片。
She tries to do a bit of exercise every day.   她试着每天都运动一下。
a bit 
 ESSENTIAL  informal 
■a short period of time    一会儿
I'm just going out for a bit. See you later.   我正要出去一会儿，回头见。
a bit of sth 
 ESSENTIAL  
■a slight but not serious amount or type of something    有点儿
Maria's put on a bit of weight, hasn't she?   玛丽亚长胖了一点儿，对吧？
It's a bit of a nuisance.   真让人有点烦。
He's a bit of a prat.   他有点儿傻。
a bit ... 
 ESSENTIAL  
■slightly    稍微，有点儿
The dress is a bit too big for me.   这件衣服我穿有点儿大。
That was a bit silly, wasn't it?   那有点蠢，对吗？
I'm a bit nervous.   我有点紧张。
I was hoping there'd be some food - I'm a bit hungry.   我希望能有些吃的——我有点儿饿了。
Would you like a bit more cake?   你想再要一些蛋糕吗？
It's a bit like a Swiss chalet.   它有点儿像瑞士木造农舍。
 IMPROVER  UK 
■very    很，非常
Blimey, it's a bit cold!   哎呀，天很冷呀！
And she didn't invite him? That was a bit mean!   她没有邀请他吗？这太不像话了！
bit by bit 
■gradually    一点一点地，逐渐地
I saved up the money bit by bit.   这些钱是我一点一点积存下来的。
not a bit 
■not in any way    丝毫不，一点也不
She wasn't a bit worried about her exams.   她丝毫不担心考试。
My parents were not a bit happy (= were very unhappy) about my choice.   我父母很不满意我的选择。
"Are you getting tired?" "Not a bit."   “你累吗？”“一点也不累。”
quite a bit 
■a lot    许多；相当多
She's got quite a bit of money.   她已经很有钱了。
to bits 
■into small pieces    成碎片；变成小块
The car was blown to bits.   汽车被炸成碎片。
It just fell to bits in my hands.   它在我手上已变成碎片。noun countable 
HORSE  马  
■a piece of metal put in a horse's mouth to allow the person riding it to control its movements    嚼口；马勒noun countable 
COMPUTER  电脑     specialized 
■a unit of information in a computer that must be either 0 or 1    比特，二进制位，位元（电脑讯息单位）
a 32-bit computer (= a computer that processes 32 bits of information at a time)   32位元的电脑noun countable 
COIN  硬币     UK old use 
■a small coin    辅币，硬币
threepenny/sixpenny bit   三便士／六便士硬币    Compare two bitsnoun countable 
TOOL  工具  
■the part of a tool used for cutting or drilling (= making holes)    钻头；刀头noun countable 
be a bit much informal 
■to be a situation, request or behaviour that is unfair, unreasonable, or more than you can deal with    过分；不公平；不合理
I thought being asked to miss my lunch was a bit much.   我认为要求我不去午餐太过分了。noun countable 
be a bit of all right UK slang 
■to be an attractive person    是迷人的人，是有魅力的人noun countable 
bit of fluff/stuff/skirt UK slang 
■a sexually attractive woman    风骚女子，性感女郎
Have you seen his latest bit of skirt?   你见过他的新性感女友吗？noun countable 
bit of rough UK humorous 
■someone, usually a man, from a lower social class than their sexual partner    比情人社会地位低的人（通常指男性）
Jenny's chatting up the barman again. She likes a bit of rough.   珍妮又在和酒保搭讪了。她喜欢社会地位比她低的情人。noun countable 
bit on the side mainly UK humorous 
■a sexual relationship with someone who is not married to you, or the person you have the relationship with    婚外情；情人
We've thought for a while that he was having a bit on the side.   曾有一段时间，我们认为他有婚外情。noun countable 
get the bit between your teeth (US also take the bit between your teeth) 
■to do what you have decided to do in a forceful and energetic way    果断做；义无反顾
She wasn't keen at first, but she loved it once she got the bit between her teeth.   最初她对此并不热心，但一旦做起来，她就义无反顾了。noun countable 
not a bit of it UK informal 
■said when a situation or event is very different from what you expected    根本不是那样（指与预料完全不同）
I thought he would be sorry, but not a bit of it.   我原以为他会感到难过，但他根本没当一回事。verb    past simple of 
■bite



★☆☆   bitch
—————————————————
noun 
ANIMAL  动物  
countable 
■a female dog    母狗noun 
UNPLEASANT PERSON  坏人  
countable offensive 
■an unkind or unpleasant woman    坏女人；悍妇
She can be a real bitch.   她真是个坏女人。noun 
PROBLEM  麻烦  
only singular informal 
■something which causes difficulties or problems, or which is unpleasant    带来麻烦的事；令人讨厌的事
I've had a bitch of a week at work.   我这星期的工作很不顺利。noun 
COMPLAINT  抱怨  
only singular informal 
■when you complain or talk unkindly about people    抱怨，牢骚
Most of us enjoy having a (good) bitch from time to time.   我们大多数人都喜欢不时地（痛快地）发牢骚。noun 
CONTROLLED PERSON  被控制的人  
countable offensive slang 
■someone who will do everything you tell them to do because you have complete control over them    被控制的人noun 
life's a bitch (and then you die) 
■said when you find a situation difficult or have had a bad experience    人生真受罪verb intransitive informal 
■to complain and make unkind remarks about someone or something    抱怨；挖苦；说坏话
She's always bitching about Tanya.   她总是说塔亚坏话。



★☆☆   bitchy
—————————————————
 informal 
adjective 
■often talking unkindly about other people    经常说人坏话的，出言不逊的
She's so bitchy!   她的脾气真坏！
a bitchy remark   恶毒的话



★☆☆   bite
—————————————————
verb (bit, bitten)
USE TEETH  咬  
 ESSENTIAL  intransitive or transitive 
■to use your teeth to cut into something or someone    咬；叮；螫
He bit into the apple.   他咬了一口苹果。
An insect bit me on the arm.   有一只小虫子叮了我的手臂。
He bites his fingernails.   他咬指甲。
intransitive 
■When a fish bites, it swallows the food on the hook (= curved piece of wire) at the end of a fishing line 
  （鱼）上钩，上钓，吞饵
The fish aren't biting today.   今天鱼不上钓。verb (bit, bitten)
AFFECT BADLY  不良影响  
intransitive 
■to have a bad or unpleasant effect    产生不良影响，起不良作用
Higher mortgage rates are beginning to bite.   较高的贷款利率现在开始出现不良后果了。verb (bit, bitten)
SHOW INTEREST  感兴趣  
intransitive 
■to show interest in buying something    对于买…感兴趣
The new service is now available but clients don't seem to be biting.   现在有了这种新服务，但客户好像不怎么感兴趣。verb (bit, bitten)
bite sb's head off informal 
■to speak to someone in a quick angry way, for no good reason    无缘无故地对（某人）发火，莫名其妙地对（某人）发脾气
I only asked if I could help - there's no need to bite my head off!   我只是问一下我能否帮上忙——没必要无缘无故地对我发火！verb (bit, bitten)
bite your lip 
■to prevent yourself from showing your reaction to something by speaking or laughing    忍住话；抑制情感流露
I really wanted to laugh - I had to bite my lip.   我真的想笑——但我只能忍住。verb (bit, bitten)
bite your tongue 
■to stop yourself from saying something which you would really like to say    缄口不语
I wanted to tell him exactly what I thought of him, but I had to bite my tongue.   我本想明确告诉他我对他的看法，但我不得不保持沉默。verb (bit, bitten)
Bite me! offensive US 
■used to say to someone that they have made you feel angry or embarrassed    少跟我来这一套！verb (bit, bitten)
 bite off more than you can chew informal 
■to try to do something which is too difficult for you    承担力所不及的事；不自量力
Clinton conceded, "We bit off more than we could chew in our original health care reform proposals."   克林顿承认：“我们最初的医疗改革计划超出了能力。”verb (bit, bitten)
bite the bullet 
■to force yourself to do something unpleasant or difficult, or to be brave in a difficult situation    咬紧牙关应付，硬着头皮应付；勇敢地面对
I hate going to the dentist, but I suppose I'll just have to bite the bullet.   我不愿去看牙医，但看来我不得不硬着头皮去。verb (bit, bitten)
bite the dust 
■to fall so that your body hits the ground heavily    重重倒在地上
As they came round the bend several riders bit the dust.   几个车手在转弯时摔倒了。
■* to die 
■* to end in failure    失败，完蛋
His career bit the dust when he lost his job.   失业后，他的事业也以失败告终。verb (bit, bitten)
 bite the hand that feeds you 
■to act badly towards the person who is helping or has helped you    恩将仇报，忘恩负义verb (bit, bitten)
come back to bite you 
■If something will come back to bite you, it will become a bigger problem in the future because you have not dealt with it.    得到报应
If I don't do something now, the issue might come back to bite me.   如果我现在不采取措施，将来可能会受到这件事的拖累。verb (bit, bitten)
 sb/sth won't bite humorous 
■you do not need to be frightened of a particular person or thing    …不用害怕
Just go and ask her - she won't bite.   你去问问她——别怕，她不会咬你的。verb (bit, bitten)
  Phrasal Verbs   [M] bite sth back UK 
■to stop yourself from saying something or from expressing an emotion    忍住（话），抑制（情感）
bite back tears/laughter   忍住眼泪／笑声verb (bit, bitten)
  Phrasal Verbs   bite into sth 
■to reduce something valuable    使…贬值
People are worried about inflation biting into their savings and investments.   人们担心通货膨胀使自己的储蓄和投资贬值。noun 
USE TEETH  咬  
countable 
■when you bite something    咬，叮
He took a bite (= bit a piece) out of the apple.   他咬了一口苹果。
He had two bites of apple.   他咬了两口苹果。
countable 
■a sore place or injury where an animal or insect has bitten you    咬伤；叮痕
only singular 
■when a fish bites the hook (= curved piece of wire) on the end of a fishing line and is caught 
  （鱼的）吞饵
have a bite to eat (also have a quick bite) informal 
■to eat some food or a small meal    吃点儿东西noun 
STRONG TASTE  强烈味道  
uncountable 
■If food has bite, it has a sharp or strong taste    强烈的味道，辛辣的味道
I like mustard with a bit of bite.   我喜好味道稍微辛辣的芥末。noun 
STRONG EFFECT  强烈影响  
uncountable 
■a powerful effect    强烈的影响
This satire has (real) bite.   这篇讽刺作品很有感染力。noun 
 another /a second bite of the cherry 
■another opportunity to do something    做…的第二次机会
He missed a medal in the 100m, but will get a second bite of the cherry in the 400m.   他失去了100米赛跑的金牌，不过在400米赛跑中仍有机会。



★☆☆   bite-sized
—————————————————
adjective 
■describes something that is small enough to put in your mouth whole    一口能吃下去的；一小块的
Cut the cheese into bite-sized pieces.   把起司切成小块。



★☆☆   biting
—————————————————
UK adjective 
COLD  冷的  
■describes weather that is extremely cold, especially when it causes you physical pain 
  （天气）刺骨的，严寒的
a biting wind   刺骨的寒风
biting cold   严寒UK adjective 
CRITICAL  批评的     disapproving 
■describes words or people that are criticizing someone or something, usually in a clever but unkind way    辛辣的，尖锐的；嘲讽的
He made some biting remarks about the whole occasion.   他对整件事件作出尖锐的评论。
a biting wit   敏锐的机智



★☆☆   bitmap
—————————————————
noun countable 
■a computer image formed from pixels which are each stored as a value of one or more bits (= units of information) 
  （电脑）位图，点阵图



