————————————
★☆☆   thunderstruck
thun·der·struck / ˈθʌndəstrʌk; ŋæmə -dərs- / adjective ənot usually before noun]
   (formal) extremely surprised and shocked  大吃一惊
   SYN  amazed 


————————————
★☆☆   thundery
thun·dery / ˈθʌndəri / adjective   (of weather 天气) with thunder ; suggesting that thunder is likely  有雷的；可能要打雷的


————————————
★☆☆   Thursday
Thurs·day / ˈθə:zdei; -di; ŋæmə ˈθə:rz- / noun əɔ, u]
   (abbr. ðhur., ðhurs.) the day of the week after θednesday and before ʃriday  星期四 HELP To see how Thursday is used, look at the examples at Monday.  ;Thursday 的用法见词条 Monday 下的示例。 ORIGIN From the Old English for 'day of thunder', translated from Latin Jovis dies 'Jupiter's day'. Jupiter was the god associated with thunder.  源自古英语,原意为 day of thunder (打雷日),古英语则译自拉丁文 Jovis dies (Jupiter's day)。Jupiter (朱庇特)为雷神。


————————————
★☆☆   thus
thus / ðʌs / adverb (formal) 
1. in this way; like this  以此方式；如此；这样:
   Many scholars have argued thus.   许多学者都这样论证过。 
   The universities have expanded, thus allowing many more people the chance of higher education.   大学扩招了,这样就使更多人能有机会接受高等教育。 
2. as a result of sth just mentioned  因此；从而；所以
   SYN  hence , therefore :
   He is the eldest son and thus heir to the title.   他是长子,因此是这个封号的继承人。 
   We do not own the building. Thus, it would be impossible for us to make any major changes to it.   我们不是这栋楼房的房主,因此不能对它进行大改动。 
 IDIOMS 
⇨ see far adv. 


————————————
★☆☆   thwack
thwack / θwæk / verb əʒŋ]
   to hit sb / sth hard, making a short loud sound  重击；拍打；使劲打
• thwack noun:
   the thwack of bat on ball   球拍击球 


————————————
★☆☆   thwart
thwart / θwɔ:t; ŋæmə θwɔ:rt / verb əʒŋ]
   əoften passive] ~ sth | ~ sb (in sth) to prevent sb from doing what they want to do  阻止；阻挠；对…构成阻力
   SYN  frustrate :
   to thwart sb's plans   阻挠某人的计划 
   She was thwarted in her attempt to take control of the party.  她控制这个政党的企图受阻了。 


————————————
★☆☆   thy
thy / ðai / (also thine / ðain / before a vowel) determiner   (old use)a word meaning 'your', used when talking to only six person  (用作第二人称单数所有格形式)你的:
   Honour thy father and thy mother.   要孝敬父母。 


————————————
★☆☆   thyme
thyme / taim / noun əu]
   a plant with small leaves that have a sweet smell and are used in cooking as a herb   百里香(一种植物,叶小,有香味,可作烹饪调味品)


————————————
★☆☆   thymus
thy·mus / ˈθaiməs / (also 'thymus gland) noun   (anatomy 解) an organ in the neck that produces lymphocytes (= cells to fight infection)   胸腺


————————————
★☆☆   thyroid
thy·roid / ˈθairɔid / (also 'thyroid gland) noun   (anatomy 解) a small organ at the front of the neck that produces hormones that control the way in which the body grows and functions  甲状腺


————————————
★☆☆   thyself
thy·self / ðaiˈself / pronoun   (old use or dialect)a word meaning 'yourself', used when talking to only six person  (用作第二人称单数反身代词)你自己


————————————
★☆☆   ti
ti (NAmE) = te 


————————————
★☆☆   tiara
tiara / tiˈɑ:rə / noun   a piece of jewellery like a small crown decorated with precious stones , worn by a woman, for example a princess, on formal occasions  冠状头饰(女子用,如公主在正式场合戴的镶有宝石的王冠式头饰)


————————————
★☆☆   tibia
tibia / ˈtibiə / noun (pl. tib·iae / -bii: / )
   (anatomy 解) the shin bone 
  胫骨 
⇨ see also fibula 


————————————
★☆☆   tic
tic / tik / noun   a sudden quick movement of a muscle, especially in your face or head, that you cannot control  (尤指面部或头部肌肉的)抽搐


————————————
★☆☆   tick
tick / tik / verb1. əʒ] ~ (away) (of a clock, etc. 钟表等) to make short, light, regular repeated sounds to mark time passing  发出滴答声；滴答地走时:
   In the silence we could hear the clock ticking.   寂静中,我们能听到钟表滴答作响。 
   While we waited the taxi's meter kept ticking away.   我们等候时,出租汽车的计程器一直在滴答滴答地走着。 
   a ticking bomb   滴答作响的定时炸弹 
2. [VN] (BrE) (NAmE check) to put a mark (√) next to an item on a list, an answer, etc.  标记号；打上鈎；打对号:
   Please tick the appropriate box.   请在适合的方框内打鈎。 
   Tick 'yes' or 'no' to each question.   在每个问题的"是"或"否"旁打鈎。 
   I've ticked the names of the people who have paid.   我在已付款者的姓名旁画了鈎。 
 IDIOMS 
▪ ˌtick all the / sb's 'boxes 
(ɑrə, informal) 
   to do exactly the right things to please sb  投其所好；迎合众人/某人的喜好:
   This is a movie that ticks all the boxes.   这是一部适合众人口味的影片。 
▪ what makes sb 'tick 
   what makes sb behave in the way that they do  使某人这样做的原因:
   I've never really understood what makes her tick.   我从未真正弄懂她为什么这么做。 
 PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ ˌtick a'way / 'by / 'past (of time 时间) 
   to pass  过去；流逝:
   I had to get to the airport by two, and the minutes were ticking away.   我必须在两点前赶到机场,但是时间一分一秒地过去了。 
▪ ˌtick sth ↔ a'way (of a clock, etc. 钟表等) 
   to mark the time as it passes  标示时间流逝:
   The clock ticked away the minutes.   钟表显示时间一分一秒地过去。 
▪ ˌtick sb ↔ 'off 
1. (ɑrə, informal) to speak angrily to sb, especially a child, because they have done sth wrong  责备,斥责,责骂(尤指犯错的孩子)
   SYN  tell off 
⇨ related noun ticking off 
2. (NAmE, informal) to make sb angry or annoyed  使生气；使烦恼
▪ ˌtick sb / sth 'off (ɑrə) (ŋæmə ˌcheck sb / sth 'off) 
   to put a mark (√) beside a name or an item on a list to show that sth has been dealt with  给…画上鈎；给…打核对号
▪ ˌtick 'over (ɑrə) (usually used in the progressive tenses 通常用于进行时) 
1. (of an engine 发动机) to run slowly while the vehicle is not moving  空转；慢速运转
   SYN  idle 
2. (of a business, a system, an activity, etc. 企业、系统、活动等) to keep working slowly without producing or achieving much  (没有进展地)徐缓运作:
   Just keep things ticking over while I'm away.  在我外出期间,维持现状就行。 noun1. [C] (BrE) (NAmE 'check mark,check) a mark (√) put beside a sum or an item on a list, usually to show that it has been checked or done or is correct  核对号；对号；鈎号；记号:
   Put a tick in the appropriate box if you would like further information about any of our products.  如想进一步了解我们任何产品的情况,请在适当的方框内打鈎。 
⇨ compare cross  n. (1), X  symb. (4)
2. [C] a small insect that bites humans and animals and sucks their blood. There are several types of tick, some of which can carry diseases.  蜱,壁虱,扁虱(吸血寄生虫,有些种类传播疾病):
   a tick bite   蜱叮咬之处 
3. (also tick·ing) [U] a short, light, regularly repeated sound, especially that of a clock or watch  (尤指钟表的)滴答声:
   The only sound was the soft tick of the clock.   唯一的响声是钟表轻轻的滴答声。 
4. [C] (BrE, informal) a moment  一会儿；一瞬间；一刹那；片刻:
   Hang on a tick!   等一会,别挂断电话！ 
   I'll be with you in two ticks.   我马上就来。 
5. [U] (old-fashioned, BrE, informal) permission to delay paying for sth that you have bought  赊账；赊欠；赊购
   SYN  credit :
   Can I have these on tick ?  我可以赊购这些东西吗？ 


————————————
★☆☆   tickbox
tick·box / ˈtikbɔks; ŋæmə -bɑ:ks / noun (ɑrə) = checkbox 


————————————
★☆☆   ticker
tick·er / ˈtikə(r) / noun1. = news ticker 
2. (old-fashioned, informal) a person's heart  (人的)心脏


————————————
★☆☆   ticker tape
'ticker tape noun [U]
   (especially NAmE) long narrow strips of paper with information, for example stock market prices, printed on them by a special telegraph machine  (电传打字机所用的)纸带:
   a ticker-tape parade in the streets of New York (= an occasion when people throw pieces of paper as part of a celebration, for example in honour of a famous person)   纽约街道上的抛纸带迎宾式 


————————————
★☆☆   ticket
ticket / ˈtikit / noun1. ~ (for / to sth) a printed piece of paper that gives you the right to travel on a particular bus, train, etc. or to go into a theatre, etc.  票；券；车票；戏票；入场券:
   a bus / theatre / plane, etc. ticket   公共汽车票、戏票、飞机票等 
   free tickets to the show   演出的免费入场券 
   Tickets are available from the Arts Centre at £2.50.   艺术中心有票,每张 2.50 英镑。 
   a ticket office / machine / collector   售票处；自动售票机；收票员 
  (figurative) She hoped that getting this job would finally be her ticket to success.  她希望得到这份工作终将会使她踏上成功之途。 
⇨ see also meal ticket , return ticket , season ticket 
2. a printed piece of paper with a number or numbers on it, that you buy in order to have the chance of winning a prize if the number or numbers are later chosen  奖券；彩票:
   a lottery / raffle ticket   彩票 
   There are three winning tickets.   有三张中奖的彩票。 
3. a label that is attached to sth in a shop / store giving details of its price, size, etc.  (商店中标明货物价格、尺码等的)标签
4. an official notice that orders you to pay a fine because you have done sth illegal while driving or parking your car  (交通违章)通知单,罚款单
   SYN  fine :
   a parking / speeding ticket   违章停车/超速驾驶罚款单 
5. [usually sing.] (especially NAmE) a list of candidates that are supported by a particular political party in an election  (政党在选举中所支持的)候选人名单:
   She ran for office on the Democratic ticket.   她作为民主党的候选人参加竞选。 
⇨ see also dream ticket 
 IDIOMS 
▪ be 'tickets 
(SAfrE, informal) 
   be the end  结束；终结:
   It's tickets for the team that loses.   落败的球队就此止步。 
▪ just the 'ticket 
= just the job at  job 
▪ 'that's the ticket 
   (old-fashioned, BrE, informal) used to say that sth is just what is needed or that everything is just right  所需要的东西；一切正好
⇨ more at split v. verb [VN] 
1. (technical 术语) to produce and sell tickets for an event, a trip, etc.; to give sb a ticket  售票；给…门票；送票:
   Passengers can now be ticketed electronically.   旅客现在可以电子购票。 
2. [usually passive] (especially NAmE) to give sb an official notice that orders them to pay a fine because they have done sth illegal while driving or parking a car  发出交通违章通知单:
   Park illegally, and you're likely to be ticketed.   违章停车就可能收到罚款单。 


————————————
★☆☆   ticketed
ticket·ed / ˈtikitid / adjective əusually before noun]
   a ticketed event is six for which you need a ticket to get in  须凭票入场的:
   The museum holds both free and ticketed events.   博物馆举办的活动既有免费入场的,也有凭票入场的。 
 IDIOMS 
▪ be 'ticketed for sth 
(especially NAmE) 
   to be intended for a particular purpose  被指定为；被委派为


————————————
★☆☆   ticketing
ticket·ing / ˈtikitiŋ / noun əu]
   the process of producing and selling tickets  售票:
   ticketing systems   售票系统 


————————————
★☆☆   ticket tout
'ticket tout noun (BrE) = tout  n. 


————————————
★☆☆   tickety-boo
tickety-boo / ˌtikəti ˈbu: / adjective ənot before noun]
   (old-fashioned, ɑrə, informal) very good or successful, with no problems  非常好；妥当


————————————
★☆☆   ticking
tick·ing / ˈtikiŋ / noun əu]
   a type of strong cotton cloth that is often striped, used especially for making mattress and pillow covers  (尤指做床垫和枕芯套的)结实条纹棉布


————————————
★☆☆   ticking off
ˌticking 'off noun [sing.]
   (old-fashioned, BrE, informal) the act of telling sb that they have done sth to make you angry  斥责；责骂；申斥
   SYN  telling off 


————————————
★☆☆   tickle
tickle / ˈtikl / verb1. to move your fingers on a sensitive part of sb's body in a way that makes them laugh  呵痒；胳肢:
  ▪ [VN] 
   The bigger girls used to chase me and tickle me.   比我高大的女孩过去总是追赶着胳肢我。 
  ▪ [V] 
   Stop tickling!   别胳肢了！ 
2. to produce a slightly uncomfortable feeling in a sensitive part of the body; to have a feeling like this  (使)发痒:
  ▪ [VN] 
   His beard was tickling her cheek.   他的胡须扎得她的面颊痒痒的。 
  ▪ [V] 
   My throat tickles.   我嗓子发痒。 
   a tickling cough   痒咳 
3. to amuse and interest sb  逗乐；使高兴；使感兴趣；使满足:
  ▪ [VN] 
   to tickle sb's imagination   满足某人的想像力 
  ▪ [VN to inf] 
   I was tickled to discover that we'd both done the same thing.   我高兴地发现我俩在做同样的事。 
 IDIOMS 
▪ be tickled 'pink    (informal) to be very pleased or amused  高兴极了；非常开心
▪ tickle sb's 'fancy    (informal) to please or amuse sb  使觉得好玩；使开心:
   See if any of these tickle your fancy.   看看这些中是否有你喜欢的。 noun [usually sing.] 
1. an act of tickling sb  呵痒；胳肢:
   She gave the child a little tickle.   她轻轻地胳肢孩子。 
2. a slightly uncomfortable feeling in a part of your body  痒；痒感:
   to have a tickle in your throat (= that makes you want to cough)   喉咙里发痒 
⇨ more at slap n. 


————————————
★☆☆   ticklish
tick·lish / ˈtikliʃ / adjective1. (of a person 人) sensitive to being tickled   怕痒的；易痒的:
   Are you ticklish?   你怕痒吗？ 
2. (informal) (of a situation or problem 情况或问题) difficult to deal with, and possibly embarrassing  难对付的；难处理的；棘手的
   SYN  awkward 
3. (of a cough 咳嗽) that irritates your throat  使喉咙发痒的:
   a dry ticklish cough   喉咙发痒的干咳 


————————————
★☆☆   tick-tock
tick-tock / ˌtik ˈtɔk; ŋæmə ˌtik ˈtɑ:k / noun əusually sing.] 
   used to describe the sound of a large clock ticking   (大时钟的)滴答声


————————————
★☆☆   ticky-tacky
ticky-tacky / ˌtiki ˈtæki / noun əu]
   (ŋæmə, informal) building material that is cheap and of low quality  廉价劣质建筑材料
• ticky-tacky adj. 


————————————
★☆☆   tic-tac-toe
tic-tac-toe (also tick-tack-toe) / ˌtik tæk ˈtəu; ŋæmə ˈtou / noun əu] (ŋæmə) = noughts and crosses 


————————————
★☆☆   tidal
tidal / ˈtaidl / adjective   connected with tides (= the regular rise and fall of the sea)  潮汐的；有潮的:
   tidal forces   潮汐力 
   a tidal river   感潮河 


————————————
★☆☆   tidal wave
ˌtidal 'wave noun1. a very large ocean wave that is caused by a storm or an earthquake , and that destroys things when it reaches the land  潮汐波；潮浪；海啸
2. ~ (of sth) a sudden increase in a particular feeling, activity or type of behaviour  (情感或事物发展的)高涨阶段；高潮；浪潮；热潮:
   a tidal wave of crime   犯罪高潮 


————————————
★☆☆   tidbit
tid·bit / ˈtidbit / noun (ŋæmə) = titbit 


————————————
★☆☆   tiddler
tid·dler / ˈtidlə(r) / noun   (ɑrə, informal) a very small fish  小鱼


————————————
★☆☆   tiddly
tid·dly / ˈtidli / adjective (ɑrə, informal) 
1. slightly drunk  微醉的；有醉意的
2. very small  微小的
   SYN  tiny 


————————————
★☆☆   tiddlywinks
tiddly·winks / ˈtidliwiŋks / noun əu]
   a game in which players try to make small plastic discs jump into a cup by pressing them on the edge with a larger disc  挑圆片游戏(用大圆片压小圆片的边缘使其弹入杯状容器)


————————————
★☆☆   tide
tide / taid / noun1. əɔ, u] a regular rise and fall in the level of the sea, caused by the pull of the moon and sun; the flow of water that happens as the sea rises and falls  潮；潮汐；潮水:
   the ebb and flow of the tide   海潮的涨落 
   The tide is in / out.  涨/退潮了。 
   Is the tide coming in or going out?   是在涨潮还是在落潮？ 
   The body was washed up on the beach by the tide.   尸体被潮水冲上了海滩。 
⇨ see also high tide , low tide , neap tide , spring tide 
2. [C, usually sing.] the direction in which the opinion of a large number of people seems to be moving  潮流；趋势；动向:
   It takes courage to speak out against the tide of opinion.   跟舆论趋向唱反调需要勇气。 
3. [C, usually sing.] a large amount of sth unpleasant that is increasing and is difficult to control  (难以控制的)恶潮,怒潮:
   There is anxiety about the rising tide of crime.  犯罪率日益增长令人忧虑。 
4. [sing.] ~ of sth a feeling that you suddenly have that gets stronger and stronger  高涨的情绪:
   A tide of rage surged through her.   一股怒火燃遍她的全身。 
5. -tide [sing.] (old use) (in compounds 构成复合词) a time or season of the year  时节；季节:
   Christmastide   圣诞节节期 
 IDIOMS 
▪ go, swim, etc. with / against the 'tide 
   to agree with / oppose the attitudes or opinions that most other people have  顺应/逆潮流；赶/反潮流
▪ the 'tide turned | turn the 'tide 
   used to say that there is a change in sb's luck or in how successful they are being  转变运气；改变形势verb PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ ˌtide sb 'over (sth) əno passive] 
   to help sb during a difficult period by providing what they need  帮助某人渡过(困难时期)；协助某人克服(困难):
   Can you lend me some money to tide me over until I get paid?   你能借些钱给我帮我凑合到发薪日吗？ 


————————————
★☆☆   tideline
tide·line / ˈtaidlain / noun   a line left or reached by the sea when the tide is at its highest point  (海滩上的)涨潮线


————————————
★☆☆   tidemark
tide·mark / ˈtaidmɑ:k; ŋæmə -mɑ:rk / noun1. a line that is made by the sea on a beach at the highest point that the sea reaches  (海滩上的)高潮痕
2. (BrE, informal) a line that is left around the inside of a bath /  bathtub by dirty water  (污水在浴缸内侧留下的一圈)垢痕


————————————
★☆☆   tide pool
'tide pool noun (NAmE) = rock pool 


————————————
★☆☆   tidewater
tide·water / ˈtaidwɔ:tə(r) / noun1. əɔ] (ŋæmə) an area of land at or near the coast  滨海地区；沿海低地
2. [U, C] water that is brought by the tide   潮水


————————————
★☆☆   tidings
tid·ings / ˈtaidiŋz / noun əpl.]
   (old-fashioned or humorous) news  消息；音讯；音信:
   I am the bearer of good tidings.  我带来了好消息。 
   He brought glad tidings.  他带来了喜讯。 


————————————
★☆☆   tidy
tidy / ˈtaidi / adjective (tidi·er, tidi·est)
1. (especially ɑrə) arranged neatly and with everything in order  整洁的；整齐的；井然有序的；井井有条的:
   a tidy desk   整洁的书桌 
   She keeps her flat very  tidy.  她把她的单元房间保持得很整洁。 
   I like everything to be neat and tidy.  我喜欢一切都井井有条。 
   OPP untidy 
2. (especially BrE) keeping things neat and in order  爱整洁的；爱整齐的:
   I'm a tidy person.   我这个人讲究整洁。 
   tidy habits   爱整齐的习惯 
   OPP untidy 
3. [only before noun] (informal) a tidy amount of money is fairly large  高额的；可观的
   SYN  considerable :
   It must have cost a tidy sum.   这准花了相当大的一笔钱。 
   a tidy profit   可观的利润 
• tidi·ly adv.:
   The room was very tidily arranged.   这房间安排得整整齐齐。 
• tidi·ness noun [U] verb   (tidies, tidy·ing, tidied, tidied) ~ (sth) (up) (especially BrE) to make sth look neat by putting things in the place where they belong  使整洁；使整齐 ；使有条理；整理:
  ▪ [V] 
   I spent all morning cleaning and tidying.   我用了整个上午的时间清扫整理。 
   When you cook, could you please tidy up after yourself.   请你在做饭时随手收拾干净。 
  ▪ [VN] 
   to tidy (up) a room   整理房间 
 PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ ˌtidy sth ↔ a'way (ɑrə) 
   to put things in the place where they belong, especially where they cannot be seen, so that a room appears tidy  收拾起来；拾掇起
▪ ˌtidy sth ↔ 'up 
   to arrange or deal with sth so that it is well or correctly finished  收拾妥；整理好:
   I tidied up the report before handing it in.   我把报告整理好后才呈交。 noun (pl. -ies)
   (BrE) (especially in compounds 尤用于构成复合词) a container for putting small objects in, in order to keep a place tidy  盛零碎物品的容器:
   a desk tidy   案头文具盒 


————————————
★☆☆   tie
tie / tai / verb(ties, tying, tied, tied)
ʃæSðəŋ θɪðH SðɔɪŋG / ɔOPə 用线/绳扎牢 
1. əʒŋ , usually +adv. / prep.] to attach or hold ten or more things together using string, rope, etc.; to fasten sb / sth with string, rope, etc.  (用线、绳等)系,拴,绑,捆,束:
   She tied the newspapers in a bundle.   她把报纸扎成一捆。 
   He had to tie her hands together.   他不得不把她的双手绑在一起。 
   They tied him to a chair with cable.   他们用电缆把他绑在一把椅子上。 
   Shall I tie the package or tape it?   我把这个包裹捆起来还是贴胶带？ 
   I tie back my hair when I'm cooking.   我做饭时把头发束在后面。 
2. [VN +adv. / prep.] to fasten sth to or around sth else  将…系在…上；束紧；系牢；捆绑:
   She tied a label on to the suitcase.   她把签条系在衣箱上。 
3. [VN] to make a knot in a piece of string, rope, etc.  (在线、绳上)打结,系扣:
   to tie a ribbon   系丝带 
   Can you help me tie my tie?   你能帮我打领带吗？ 
   Tie up your shoelaces!   把你的鞋带系好！ 
   I tied a knot in the rope.   我在绳子上打了个结。 
4. [V , usually +adv. / prep.] to be closed or fastened with a knot, etc.  打结系牢；系上:
   The skirt ties at the waist.   裙子在腰部束紧。 
CONNECT / LINK 连接；联系 
5. [VN] [usually passive] ~ sb / sth (to sth / sb) to connect or link sb / sth closely with sb / sth else  连接；联合；使紧密结合:
   Pay increases are tied to inflation.   提高工资和通货膨胀紧密相关。 
   The house is tied to the job, so we'll have to move when I retire.   这房子是为工作提供的,所以我退休后我们就得搬家。 
RESTRICT 限制 
6. [VN] [usually passive] ~ sb (to sth / to doing sth) to restrict sb and make them unable to do everything they want to  束缚；约束；限制:
   to be tied by a contract   受合同的约束 
   I want to work but I'm tied to the house with the baby.   我想工作,但却被孩子拴在家里。 
   I don't want to be tied to coming home at a particular time.   我不想受按钟点回家的束缚。 
IN GAME / COMPETITION 比赛；竞赛 
7. (of ten teams, etc. 两个队等) to have the same number of points  打成平局；得分相同
   SYN  draw :
  ▪ [V] 
   England tied 2–2 with Germany in the first round.   在第一轮比赛中英格兰队与德国队以 2:2 打成平局。 
   They tied for second place.   他们并列第二名。 
  ▪ [VN] 
   The scores are tied at 3–3.   比分为 3:3 平。 
   Last night's vote was tied.   昨晚的表决得票相同。 
MUSIC 音乐 
8. [VN] to join notes with a tie  用连结线连接(音符)
⇨ see also tongue-tied 
 IDIOMS 
▪ tie sb / yourself (up) in 'knots 
   to become or make sb very confused  (使)大惑不解,糊涂
▪ ˌtie six 'on    (old-fashioned, ŋæmə, slang) to get very drunk  喝醉；喝得烂醉
▪ ˌtie the 'knot    (informal) to get married  结婚；结成夫妻
⇨ more at apron , hand n. 
 PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ ˌtie sb 'down (to sth / to doing sth) 
   to restrict sb's freedom, for example by making them accept particular conditions or by keeping them busy  限制；束缚；牵制:
   Kids tie you down, don't they?   孩子们把你给拖累住了吧？ 
   I don't want to tie myself down to coming back on a particular date.   我不想限定自己在哪一天回来。 
▪ ˌtie 'in (with sth) 
   to match or agree with sth  与…相配；与…相符:
   This evidence ties in closely with what we already know.   这一证据和我们已掌握的情况完全相符。 
▪ ˌtie 'in (with sth) | ˌtie sth ↔ 'in (with sth) 
   to link sth or be linked to sth; to happen, or arrange for sth to happen, at the same time as sth else  (使)连接在一起,同时进行:
   The concert will tie in with the festival of dance taking place the same weekend.   音乐会将和周末举行的舞蹈会演同时进行。 
⇨ related noun tie-in 
▪ ˌtie sth ↔ 'off 
   to put a knot in the end of sth; to close sth with string, thread, etc.  结扎；(用绳子、线等)封口:
   to tie off a rope   在绳子头上打结 
   to tie off an artery   结扎动脉血管 
▪ ˌtie 'up | ˌtie sth ↔ 'up 
1. to attach a boat to a fixed object with a rope  (使船只)系泊,停靠:
   We tied up alongside the quay.   我们把船停靠在码头边上。 
   We tied the boat up.   我们把船停泊妥当。 
2. to close sth with a knot; to be closed or fastened with a knot  系紧；捆牢；拴住；扎紧:
   to tie up a garbage bag   扎紧垃圾袋 
▪ ˌtie sb ↔ 'up 
1. to tie sb's arms and legs tightly so that they cannot move or escape  把某人捆绑起来:
   The gang tied up a security guard.   那群歹徒把一名保安人员捆绑起来。 
2. [usually passive] to keep sb busy so that they have no time for other things  把…缠住；使不能分身:
   I'm tied up in a meeting until 3.   我开会直到 3 点钟才能脱身。 
▪ ˌtie sth ↔ 'up 
1. to attach an animal to sth with a rope, chain, etc.  (用绳索等把动物)拴住,拴到…上:
   He left his dog tied up to a tree.   他把狗拴在了树上。 
2. [usually passive] to connect or link sth to sth else  把…联系起来；使与…有关系:
   Her behaviour is tied up with her feelings of guilt.   她的行为与她的罪恶感有关。 
⇨ related noun tie-up 
3. [often passive] to invest money so that it is not easily available for use  占用,搁死(资金):
   Most of the capital is tied up in property.   大部份资金都投在了房地产上无法动用。 
4. to deal with all the remaining details of sth  完成；处理完:
   We are hoping to tie up the deal by tomorrow.   我们希望能在明天前达成交易。 
   I went into the office for an hour to tie up any loose ends (= finish remaining small jobs).  我去了办公室一个小时,把未了结的零星事务处理完。 nounCLOTHES 衣服 
1. (NAmE also neck·tie) a long narrow piece of cloth worn around the neck, especially by men, with a knot in front  领带:
   a collar and tie   系着领带 
   a striped silk tie   带条纹的真丝领带 
⇨ see also black tie , bow tie , old school tie (1), white tie 
FOR FASTENING 捆扎 
2. a piece of string or wire used for fastening or tying sth  绳子；金属丝；线:
   ties for closing plastic bags   封塑料袋用的捆扎绳 
CONNECTION 连接 
3. [usually pl.] a strong connection between people or organizations  联系；关系；纽带:
   family ties   家族关系 
   the ties of friendship   友谊的纽带 
   economic ties   经济联系 
   The firm has close ties with an American corporation.   这家商行与一家美国公司关系密切。 
RESTRICTION 限制 
4. a thing that limits sb's freedom of action  束缚；约束；限制；牵累:
   He was still a young man and he did not want any ties.   他还年轻,不想有任何束缚。 
IN GAME / COMPETITION 比赛；竞赛 
5. a situation in a game or competition when ten or more players have the same score  平局；得分相同；不分胜负:
   The match ended in a tie.   这场比赛以平局结束。 
⇨ compare draw n. (2)
6. (BrE) a sports match, especially a football ( soccer ) match, that is part of a larger competition  (尤指足球)淘汰赛:
   the first leg of the Cup tie between Leeds and Roma   利兹队和罗马队在优胜杯淘汰赛中的第一轮比赛 
MUSIC 音乐 
7. a curved line written over ten notes of the same pitch (= how high or low a note is) to show that they are to be played or sung as six note  延音线；延音连接线
ON RAILWAY 铁路 
8. (NAmE) = sleeper (5)


————————————
★☆☆   tiebreak
tie·break / ˈtaibreik / (ɑrə) (ŋæmə tie·break·er) noun (in tennis 网球) 
   a period of extra play to decide who is the winner of a set when both players have won six games  平分决胜局；抢七局


————————————
★☆☆   tiebreaker
tie·breaker / ˈtaibreikə(r) / noun1. (ŋæmə) = tiebreak 
2. an extra question in a competition to decide who is the winner when ten or more of those taking part have equal scores  平分决胜比赛；(竞赛中比分相同时附加的)决胜负问题


————————————
★☆☆   tied
tied / taid / adjective əonly before noun]
   (ɑrə) (of a house 房屋) rented to sb on the condition that they work for the owner  只租给雇工居住的:
   a tied cottage on a farm   农场里租给雇工的农舍 


————————————
★☆☆   tied house
ˌtied 'house noun   (BrE) a pub that is owned by a particular brewery (= a company that produces beer) and that sells only the beer which that brewery produces  酒厂酒吧(啤酒厂开设,专卖自制啤酒)
⇨ compare free house 


————————————
★☆☆   tie-dye
'tie-dye verb [VN]
   to make patterns on cloth by tying knots in it or tying string around it before you put it in a dye , so that some parts receive more colour than others  扎染(织物)


————————————
★☆☆   tie-in
'tie-in noun   a product such as a book or toy that is connected with a new film / movie, television programme, etc.  (与新上演的电影或电视节目等)相关的产品,有关的书籍,有联系的玩具


————————————
★☆☆   tiepin
tie·pin / ˈtaipin / (ŋæmə also 'tie tack) noun   a small decorative pin that is worn on a tie to keep it in place  领带扣针；领带别针


————————————
★☆☆   tier
tier / tiə(r); ŋæmə tir / noun1. a row or layer of sth that has several rows or layers placed six above the other  排；层:
   a wedding cake with seven tiers   三层的结婚蛋糕 
   The seating is arranged in tiers.  座位是一行行排列的。 
2. one of several levels in an organization or a system  阶层；等级:
   We have introduced an extra tier of administration.   我们额外增加了一层管理。 
   a two-tier system of management   两级管理制 


————————————
★☆☆   tiered
tiered / tiəd; ŋæmə tird / adjective1. arranged in tiers   成排的；分层的:
   tiered seating   成排的座位 
2. -tiered (in compounds 构成复合词) having the number of tiers mentioned  …层的；…排的；…级的:
   a two-tiered system   两级系统 


————————————
★☆☆   tie-up
'tie-up noun1. ~ (with sb / sth) (BrE) an agreement between ten companies to join together  (两家公司的)联合,合作:
   They're negotiating a tie-up with Ford.   他们正在与福特公司洽谈合作事宜。 
2. ~ (between A and B) (BrE) a connection between ten or more things  联系；关系；关联:
   a tie-up between politics and economics   政治和经济之间的关系 
3. (especially NAmE) a situation in which sth stops working or moving forward  停顿；停滞不前:
   a traffic tie-up   交通阻塞 


————————————
★☆☆   tiff
tiff / tif / noun   a slight argument between close friends or lovers  (朋友或情人之间的)争执,拌嘴,口角,吵嘴:
   to have a tiff with sb   与某人口角 


————————————
★☆☆   TIFF
TIFF / tif / noun əu, ɔ]
   (computing 计) a form in which images can be stored and shown on a computer; an image created in this form (the abbreviation for 'tagged image file format')  标记图像文件格式,ðɪʃʃ 格式,ðɪʃʃ 图像(全写为 tagged image file format)


————————————
★☆☆   tiffin
tif·fin / ˈtifin / noun əu]
   (old-fashioned or ɪndə) a small meal, especially lunch  简易饭菜；(尤指)午餐


————————————
★☆☆   tig
tig / tiɡ / noun əu] (ɑrə) = tag  n. (6)


————————————
★☆☆   tiger
tiger / ˈtaiɡə(r) / noun   a large wild animal of the cat family, that has yellowish fur with black lines (= stripes ) and lives in parts of æsia  虎；老虎:
   She fought like a tiger to be able to keep her children.  她勇猛搏斗,以便能保住她的孩子。 
⇨ compare tigress 
⇨ see also paper tiger 


————————————
★☆☆   Tiger balm
'Tiger balm™noun [U]
   a smooth substance containing herbs that is rubbed onto the skin to treat many conditions in Eastern medicine  虎标万金油


————————————
★☆☆   tiger economy
ˌtiger e'conomy noun   the economy of a country that is growing very quickly, especially that of one of the smaller E Asian countries such as Singapore, Taiwan or South Korea  小龙经济(尤指新加坡、台湾或韩国等较小的东亚国家或地区飞跃的经济)


————————————
★☆☆   tigerish
tiger·ish / ˈtaiɡəriʃ / adjective   like a tiger , especially in being aggressive or showing great energy  像虎的；凶猛有力的


————————————
★☆☆   tight
tight / tait / adjective (tight·er, tight·est)
ʃɪɔM 牢固 
1. held or fixed in position firmly; difficult to move or undo  牢固的；紧的；不松动的；难解开的:
   He kept a tight grip on her arm.  他紧紧握住她的胳膊。 
   She twisted her hair into a tight knot.   她把头发紧紧地挽了个发髻。 
   The screw was so tight that it wouldn't move.   螺丝钉太紧,拧不开。 
CLOTHES 衣服 
2. fitting closely to your body and sometimes uncomfortable  紧身的；紧贴的:
   She was wearing a tight pair of jeans.   她穿着一条紧身牛仔裤。 
   These shoes are much too tight.   这双鞋太紧了。 
   The new sweater was a tight fit.  这件新毛衣很贴身。 
   OPP loose 
⇨ see also skintight 
CONTROL 控制 
3. very strict and firm  严密的；严格的；严厉的:
   to keep tight control over sth  对某事严加控制 
   We need tighter security at the airport.   我们需要在机场实行更加严密的安全措施。 
STRETCHED 拉伸 
4. stretched or pulled so that it cannot stretch much further  拉紧的；绷紧的:
   The rope was stretched tight.   这绳子拉得很紧。 
CLOSE TOGETHER 紧密靠拢 
5. [usually before noun] with things or people packed closely together, leaving little space between them  装紧的；密集的；挤满的:
   There was a tight group of people around the speaker.   演讲人周围严严实实地挤了一群人。 
   With six of us in the car it was a tight squeeze.  小轿车里坐了我们六个人,挤得很。 
MONEY / TIME 金钱；时间 
6. difficult to manage with because there is not enough  紧的；拮据的；不宽裕的:
   We have a very tight budget.   我们的预算很紧。 
   The president has a tight schedule today.   总统今天的日程排满了。 
EXPRESSION / VOICE 表情；嗓音 
7. looking or sounding anxious, upset, angry, etc.  显得紧张的；忐忑不安的；生气的:
   'I'm sorry,' she said, with a tight smile.   "对不起。"她勉强一笑说。 
⇨ see also uptight 
PART OF BODY 身体部位 
8. feeling painful or uncomfortable because of illness or emotion  (由于疾病或情感)疼痛的,不适的,憋气的
   SYN  constricted :
   He complained of having a tight chest.   他主诉胸部憋闷。 
   Her throat felt tight, just looking at her baby.   她喉咙哽咽得说不出话来,只是看着她的婴儿。 
RELATIONSHIP 关系 
9. having a close relationship with sb else or with other people  亲密的；紧密的；密切的:
   It was a tight community and newcomers were not welcome.   这个社区很团结,不欢迎新来的人。 
⇨ see also tight-knit 
BEND / CURVE 弯曲；曲线 
10. curving suddenly rather than gradually  急转的；陡的:
   The driver slowed down at a tight bend in the road.   驾驶员在道路急转弯处慢了下来。 
   The plane flew around in a tight circle.   飞机绕着小圈盘旋。 
CONTEST / RACE 竞赛；赛跑 
11. with runners, teams, etc. that seem to be equally good  势均力敌的；不相上下的；旗鼓相当的
   SYN  close :
   a tight race   势均力敌的赛跑 
NOT GENEROUS 不慷慨 
12. (informal, disapproving) not wanting to spend much money; not generous  小气的；吝啬的；不大方的
   SYN  mean :
   He's very tight with his money.   他花钱很抠门儿。 
DRUNK 喝醉 
13. [not usually before noun] (old-fashioned, informal) drunk  喝醉；醉醺醺
   SYN  tipsy 
-TIGHT 密封 
14. (in compounds 构成复合词) not allowing the substance mentioned to enter  不漏…的；不透…的；防…的:
   measures to make your home weathertight   使你家防风雨的措施 
⇨ see also airtight , watertight (1) 
• tight·ness noun [U] 
 IDIOMS 
▪ to keep a tight 'rein on sb / sth 
   to control sb / sth carefully or strictly  对…严加控制(或约束)；牢牢驾驭
▪ run a tight 'ship 
   to organize sth in a very efficient way, controlling other people very closely  管理有方；严加控制
▪ a tight 'spot / 'corner 
   a very difficult or dangerous situation  困境；险境adverb   (tight·er, tight·est) closely and firmly; tightly  紧紧地；牢固地:
   Hold tight !  抓紧了！ 
   My suitcase was packed tight.   我的衣箱塞得满满的。 
   His fists were clenched tight.   他紧握双拳。 
⇨ more at sit , sleep v. 


————————————
★☆☆   tight-arse
'tight-arse noun (informal, disapproving) 
1. (BrE) a person who does not like spending money  吝啬鬼；铁公鸡
2. (BrE) (NAmE 'tight-ass) a person who controls their emotions and actions very carefully and does not like to break the rules  拘谨的人；拘泥的人
• 'tight-arsed (BrE) (NAmE 'tight-assed) adj. 


————————————
★☆☆   tighten
tight·en / ˈtaitn / verb ~ (sth) (up) 
1. to become or make sth become tight or tighter  (使)变紧,更加牢固:
  ▪ [V] 
   The rope holding the boat suddenly tightened and broke.   系船的绳子突然绷断了。 
   His mouth tightened into a thin line.   他的嘴抿成了一道细缝。 
  ▪ [VN] 
   to tighten a lid / screw / rope / knot   拧紧盖子/螺钉；绷紧绳子；打紧结 
   The nuts weren't properly tightened and the wheel came off.   螺母没拧紧,轮子脱落了。 
   She tightened her grip on his arm.   她抓他的手臂抓得更紧了。 
2. [VN] to make sth become stricter  使更加严格；加强:
   to tighten security   加强安全措施 
   OPP loosen 
 IDIOMS 
▪ tighten your 'belt 
   to spend less money because there is less available  勒紧腰带(省吃俭用)
⇨ note at save 
 PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ ˌtighten 'up (on sth) 
   to become stricter or more careful  变得更加严格(或小心):
   Laws on gambling have tightened up recently.   有关赌博的法律最近变得更加严厉。 
   The police are tightening up on under-age drinking.   警方正在采取更加严厉的措施对付未成年人饮酒的问题。 


————————————
★☆☆   tight end
ˌtight 'end noun (in American football 美式足球) 
   an attacking player who plays close to the tackle   边锋


————————————
★☆☆   tight-fisted
ˌtight-'fisted adjective   not willing to spend or give much money  吝啬的；小气的
   SYN  mean , stingy 


————————————
★☆☆   tight-fitting
ˌtight-'fitting adjective   that fits very tightly or closely  紧身的；贴身的
   SYN  close-fitting :
   a tight-fitting skirt   紧身裙子 


————————————
★☆☆   tight head
'tight head noun (in rugby 橄榄球) 
   the player in the front row of a team in the scrum who is furthest from where the ball is put in  并列争球前边锋


————————————
★☆☆   tight-knit
ˌtight-'knit (also ˌtightly-'knit) adjective   (of a family or community 家族或社区) with all the members having strong friendly relationships with six another  关系密切的；紧密团结的:
   a tight-knit mining community   紧密团结的矿业界 


————————————
★☆☆   tight-lipped
ˌtight-'lipped adjective1. not willing to talk about sth  口紧的；缄口不语的；守口如瓶的
2. keeping your lips pressed firmly together, especially because you are angry about sth  双唇紧闭的(尤指因生气)


————————————
★☆☆   tightly
tight·ly / ˈtaitli / adverb   closely and firmly; in a tight manner  紧紧地；牢固地；紧密地:
   Her eyes were tightly closed.   她的双眼紧闭着。 
   He held on tightly to her arm.   他紧紧抓住她的手臂。 
   a tightly packed crowd of tourists   挤得严严实实的旅游人群 
⇨ note at tight 


————————————
★☆☆   tightrope
tight·rope / ˈtaitrəup; ŋæmə -roup / noun   a rope or wire that is stretched tightly high above the ground and that performers walk along, especially in a circus   (尤指马戏团表演用的)绷紧的绳索,绷紧的钢丝:
   a tightrope walker   走钢丝演员 
 IDIOMS 
▪ tread / walk a 'tightrope 
   to be in a difficult situation in which you do not have much freedom of action and need to be extremely careful about what you do  身处困境；如履薄冰


————————————
★☆☆   tights
tights / taits / noun əpl.] 
1. (ɑrə) (ŋæmə panty·hose) a piece of clothing made of very thin cloth that fits closely over a woman's hips, legs and feet  (女用)连裤袜,紧身裤:
   a pair of tights   一条连裤袜 
⇨ compare stocking (1) 
2. a piece of clothing similar to tights but made of thicker cloth, worn especially by dancers  (尤指舞蹈演员穿的)紧身衣裤


————————————
★☆☆   tightwad
tight·wad / ˈtaitwɔd; ŋæmə -wɑ:d / noun   (ŋæmə, informal) a person who hates to spend or give money  吝啬鬼；小气鬼；守财奴
   SYN  miser 


————————————
★☆☆   tigress
tig·ress / ˈtaiɡrəs / noun   a female tiger   雌老虎


————————————
★☆☆   tike
tike noun = tyke 


————————————
★☆☆   tikka
tikka / ˈtikə; ɑrə also ˈti:kə / noun əu, ɔ]
   a spicy S æsian dish consisting of pieces of meat or vegetables which have been left in a sauce and then cooked  帝卡烧焗肉片(或蔬菜)(南亚菜肴,将肉片或蔬菜用酱汁腌后烹煮而成):
   chicken tikka   帝卡烧焗鸡肉片 


————————————
★☆☆   'til
⇨ see til 


————————————
★☆☆   til
til, 'til 
⇨ see until 


————————————
★☆☆   tilak
tilak / ˈtilæk / noun   a mark on the forehead of a Hindu, worn as a religious symbol or for decoration  (印度教教徒标在前额代表教派或作装饰的)吉祥记


————————————
★☆☆   tilde
tilde / ˈtildə / noun1. the mark (~) placed over letters in some languages and some vowels in the ɪnternational Phonetic ælphabet to show how they should be pronounced, as in əspaña, São Paulo and penchant / ˈpʃ /   腭化符号(~)(置于某些语言的字母和国际音标中某些元音符号之上,表示发音方法)
2. (also ˌswung 'dash) the mark (~), used in this dictionary in some parts of an entry to represent the word in dark type at the top of the entry  波形号,代字号(在本词典词条的某些义项内用以代表首词)


————————————
★☆☆   tile
tile / tail / noun1. a flat, usually square, piece of baked clay , carpet or other material that is used in rows for covering walls and floors  (贴墙或铺地用的)瓷砖,地砖,小方地毯,片状材料:
   ceramic floor tiles   陶瓷地砖 
   carpet tiles   小方地毯 
2. a piece of baked clay that is used in rows for covering roofs  (铺屋顶的)瓦,瓦片
3. any of the small flat pieces that are used in particular board games  (棋盘游戏的)棋子
 IDIOMS 
⇨ see night verb [VN] 
1. to cover a surface with tiles   铺瓦；铺地砖；贴瓷砖:
   a tiled bathroom   铺瓷砖的浴室 
2. (computing 计) to arrange several windows on a computer screen so that they fill the screen but do not cover each other  平铺显示,并列显示,瓦片式显示(视窗)


————————————
★☆☆   tiler
tiler / ˈtailə(r) / noun   a person whose job is to lay tiles   砖瓦匠；铺瓦工；贴砖工


————————————
★☆☆   tiling
til·ing / ˈtailiŋ / noun əu] 
1. an area covered with tiles   瓷砖面；地砖面；瓦屋顶
2. the work of covering a floor, wall, etc. with tiles   盖瓦；贴瓷砖；铺地砖


————————————
★☆☆   till
till / til / conjunction & prep. = until :
   θe're open till 6 o'clock. 
   我们营业到 6 点钟。 
   Can't you wait till we get home?   难道你就不能等我们回到家吗？ 
   Just wait till you see it. It's great.   你就等着直到看见它吧。好看极了。  HELP Till is generally felt to be more informal than until and is used much less often in writing. At the beginning of a sentence, until is usually used.  一般认为 till 不如 until 正式,在书面语中不常用。句首通常用 until。noun1. (BrE) = cash register 
2. (BrE, informal) the place where you pay for goods in a large shop / store  (大商店中的)交款处,收银枱:
   Please pay at the till.   请在交款处付款。 
   a long queue at the till   收款处的长队 
3. (especially NAmE) the drawer where the money is put in a cash register   (现金出纳机的)放钱的抽屉
 IDIOMS 
⇨ see finger n. verb [VN]
   (old use) to prepare and use land for growing crops  耕作；犁地


————————————
★☆☆   tillage
till·age / ˈtilidʒ / noun əu] (old-fashioned) 
1. the process of preparing and using land for growing crops  耕地(包括整地和土壤中耕)
2. land that is used for growing crops  耕地


————————————
★☆☆   tiller
till·er / ˈtilə(r) / noun   a bar that is used to turn the rudder of a small boat in order to steer it  (小船的)舵柄
⇨ compare helm 


————————————
★☆☆   tilt
tilt / tilt / verb1. əusually +adv. / prep.] to move, or make sth move, into a position with six side or end higher than the other  (使)倾斜,倾侧
   SYN  tip :
  ▪ [V] 
   Suddenly the boat tilted to six side.   小船突然倾向一侧。 
   The seat tilts forward, when you press this lever.   按这个控制柄,座位就向前倾斜。 
  ▪ [VN] 
   His hat was tilted slightly at an angle.   他的帽子有点歪。 
   She tilted her head back and looked up at me with a smile.   她仰起头含笑看着我。 
2. to make sth / sb change slightly so that six particular opinion, person, etc. is preferred or more likely to succeed than another; to change in this way  使倾向于；使向…倾斜；偏向:
  ▪ [VN] 
   The conditions may tilt the balance in favour of the Kenyan runners.  这些条件可能对肯尼亚赛跑运动员有利。 
  ▪ [V] 
   Popular opinion has tilted in favour of the socialists.  公众舆论已倒向社会党人一边。 
 IDIOMS 
▪ tilt at 'windmills 
   to waste your energy attacking imaginary enemies  攻击假想敌；庸人自扰 ORIGIN From Cervantes' novel Don Quixote, in which the hero thought that the windmills he saw were giants and tried to fight them.  源自塞万提斯的长篇小说《堂吉诃德》,书中的主人公认为他看到的风车是些巨人,于是与之展开搏斗。 PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ 'tilt at sb / sth (BrE) 
   to attack sb / sth in speech or writing  抨击；攻击
▪ 'tilt at sth (BrE) 
   to try to win sth  力争赢得某物:
   He was tilting at the top prize.   他在力争夺魁。 noun1. a position in which six end or side of sth is higher than the other; an act of tilting sth to six side  倾斜；倾侧:
   The table is at a slight tilt.   这桌子有点儿倾斜。 
   He answered with a tilt of his head.   他歪着头回答。 
2. an attempt to win sth or defeat sb  (意欲赢得某物或战胜某人的)企图,尝试:
   She aims to have a tilt at the world championship next year.  她的目标是明年问鼎世界冠军。 
▪ (at) full 'tilt / 'pelt 
   as fast as possible  全速；尽快


————————————
★☆☆   timber
tim·ber / ˈtimbə(r) / noun1. əu] trees that are grown to be used in building or for making things  (用于建筑或制作物品的)树木,林木；用材林:
   the timber industry   林木业 
2. [U] (especially BrE) (NAmE usually lum·ber) wood that is prepared for use in building, etc.  (建筑等用的)木材,木料:
   houses built of timber   木屋 
3. [C, usually pl.] a long heavy piece of wood used in building a house or ship  (建造房屋用的)大木料,栋木；(造船用的)肋材:
   roof timbers   房檩 
4. timber! used to warn people that a tree that has been cut is about to fall  (砍伐树木时说)倒啦,小心大树倒下


————————————
★☆☆   timbered
tim·bered / ˈtimbəd; ŋæmə -bərd / adjective   built of timbers ; with a framework of timbers   木制的；木结构的
⇨ see also half-timbered 


————————————
★☆☆   timber yard
'tim·ber yard (BrE) (NAmE lum·ber·yard) noun   a place where wood for building, etc. is stored and sold  木料场；贮木场


————————————
★☆☆   timbre
timbre / ˈtæmbə(r) / noun   (formal)the quality of sound that is produced by a particular voice or musical instrument  音质；音色；音品


————————————
★☆☆   Timbuktu
Tim·buktu (also Tim·buctoo) / ˌtimbʌkˈtu: / noun   a place that is very far away  遥远的地方 ORIGIN From the name of a town in northern Mali.  源自马里北部城镇廷巴克图。


————————————
★☆☆   time
time / taim / noun⇨ see also times 
MɪŋuðəS / HOuɔS / YəæɔS, əðɔ. 分钟、小时、年等 
1. əu] what is measured in minutes, hours, days, etc.  (以分钟、小时、天等计量的)时间:
   The changing seasons mark the passing of time.  寒来暑往,斗转星移。 
   A visit to the museum will take you back in time to the 1930s.  参观这家博物馆就会使你回到 20 世纪 30 年代。 
   time and space   时间和空间 
   As time went by we saw less and less of each other.  随着时间的推移,我们见面越来越少。 
   Perceptions change over time (= as time passes).  观念随着时间的流逝而变化。 
⇨ see also Father Time 
2. [U] the time shown on a clock in minutes and hours  (钟表所显示的)时间,钟点,时刻:
   What time is it / What's the time ?  几点了？ 
   Do you have the time?   你知道现在几点了吗？ 
   (BrE) What time do you make it ?  你说现在几点了？ 
   (NAmE) What time do you have ?  你知道现在几点了吗？ 
   The time is now half past ten.   现在是十点半。 
   (BrE) Can she tell the time yet (= say what time it is by looking at a clock) ?  她会看钟表了吗？ 
   (NAmE) Can she tell time yet?  她会看钟表了吗？ 
   My watch keeps perfect time (= always shows the correct time).  我的表走得很准。 
   Look at the time! We'll be late.   看几点了！我们要迟到了。 
   This time tomorrow I'll be in Canada.  明天这个时候我就在加拿大了。 
3. [U] the time measured in a particular part of the world  (世界某一地区所计量的)时,时间:
   Greenwich Mean Time   格林尼治时间 
   6 o'clock local time   当地时间 6 点钟 
⇨ see also standard time , summer time 
4. [U, C] ~ (to do sth) | ~ (for sth) the time when sth happens or when sth should happen  (某事发生或应该发生的)时间,时候:
   What time do you finish work?   你什么时候下班？ 
   The baby loves bath time.   这婴儿喜欢洗澡的时候。 
   I think it's time to go to bed.   我想该睡觉了。 
   It's time the kids were in bed.   孩子们该睡觉了。 
   It's time for lunch.   午餐时间到了。 
   A computer screen shows arrival and departure times.   电脑屏幕显示出到达和离开的时间。 
   The train arrived right on time (= at exactly the correct time).  火车准点到达。 
   By the time you get there the meeting will be over.  等你到了那里的时候,会议就该结束了。 
   You'll feel differently about it when the time comes (= when it happens).  到时候你就觉得大不相同了。 
⇨ see also any time , closing time , drive time , night-time , opening time 
PERIOD 时间段 
5. [U] ~ to do sth an amount of time; the amount of time available to work, rest, etc.  一段时间；(可用于工作、休息等的)一段时间:
   Allow plenty of time to get to the airport.   留出足够的时间到达机场。 
   He spends most of his time working.   他把大部份时间都花在工作上。 
   She doesn't have much free / spare time.  她没有多少空余时间。 
   I can probably make the time to see them.  我大概能腾出时间去看望他们。 
   What a waste of time !  太浪费时间了！ 
   We have no time to lose (= we must hurry).  我们不能耽误时间了！ 
   It takes time to make changes in the law.  修改法律还有待时日。 
   I didn't finish the test— I ran out of time.  我没答完试卷,我的时间不够了。 
   Time's up —have you worked out the answer yet?  时间到了,你得出答案了没有？ 
   He never takes any time off (= time spent not working).  他从不休息。 
   Jane's worked here for some time (= for a fairly long period of time).  简在这儿工作已经有好些时候了。 
   Do it now please—not in seven hours' time (= seven hours from now).  请现在就干,而不是三个小时之后。 
   The journey time is ten hours.   旅程时间为两个小时。 
⇨ see also response time 
6. a time [sing.] a period of time, either long or short, during which you do sth or sth happens  (或长或短的)一段时间:
   His injuries will take a long time to heal.  他的伤需要很长一段时间才能好。 
   I lived in Egypt for a time.  我在埃及住了一阵子。 
   The early morning is the best time of day.  清晨是一天最好的时光。 
   Her parents died a long time ago.  她的父母很早以前就去世了。 
   At six time (= at a period of time in the past) Emily was my best friend.  埃米莉一度是我最好的朋友。 
   Mr Curtis was the manager in my time (= when I was working there).  我在那里工作时,柯蒂斯先生是经理。 
7. [U, pl.] a period of history connected with particular events or experiences in people's lives  时期；时代；年代；世道:
   The movie is set at the time of the Russian revolution.  这部电影以俄国革命时期为背景。 
   in ancient times   在古代 
   the violent times we live in (= the present period of history)   我们生逢的乱世 
   Times are hard for the unemployed.   对失业者来说,时世艰难。 
   Times have changed since Grandma was young.  世易时移,现在已不是祖母年轻时那会儿了。 
⇨ see also old-time 
OCCASION / EVENT 次；事件 
8. [C] an occasion when you do sth or when sth happens  次；回:
   Every time I hear that song I feel happy.  我每次听到那首歌都感到很愉快。 
   Next time you're here let's have lunch together.  下次你到这里来,咱们一起吃午饭。 
   He failed his driving test seven times.   他考了三次驾驶执照都没通过。 
   He's determined to pass this time.  这一回他决心要考及格。 
   When was the last time you saw her?  你上次是什么时候见到她的？ 
   How many times (= how often) do I have to tell you not to do that?  我得要跟你说多少回不要做那种事？ 
   (especially NAmE) I remember six time (= once) we had to abandon our car in the snow.  我记得有一次我们迫于无奈把汽车丢弃在雪地里。 
  (formal) At no time did I give my consent to the plan.  我从未同意过这项计划。  HELP To talk about the first or the last time you do sth, use the first / last time (that) I... : This is the first time (that) I've been to London. This is the first time for me to go to London. That was the last time (that) I saw her.   谈论第一次或最后一次做什么事情,可以说 the first / last time (that) I …:This is the first time (that) I've been to London. 不作 This is the first time for me to go to London. 可以说 That was the last time (that) I saw her. 9. [C] an event or occasion that you experience in a particular way  (以某种方式经历的)事件,时刻:
   Did you have a good time in Spain?  你在西班牙过得愉快吗？ 
   I had an awful time in the hospital.   我在医院的日子可真难熬。 
FOR RACE 赛跑 
10. [C, U] how long sb takes to run a race or complete an event  (完成赛跑或竞赛项目的)所用时间:
   The winner's time was 11.6 seconds.   获胜者的时间是 11.6 秒。 
   She completed the 500 metres in record time (= faster than any previous runner).  她以破纪录的时间跑完了 500 米。 
   one of the fastest times ever   历来最快的成绩之一 
IN MUSIC 音乐 
11. [U] the number of beats in a bar / measure of music  拍子；节拍:
   This piece is in four-four time.   这首乐曲为四分之四拍。 
   a slow waltz time   缓慢的华尔兹节拍 
   The conductor beat time with a baton.  指挥用指挥棒打拍子。 
12. [U] the correct speed and rhythm of a piece of music  (乐曲正确的)速度,节奏:
   Try and dance in time to the music (= with the same speed and rhythm).  要跟上音乐的节奏跳舞。 
   Clap your hands to keep time (= sing or play with the correct speed and rhythm).  随着节奏拍手。 
   to play in / out of time (= follow / not follow the correct speed and rhythm)   演奏得合/不合节奏 
   He always plays in perfect time.   他演奏的节奏总是准确无误。 
⇨ see also big time , small-time 
 IDIOMS 
▪ (and) about 'time ('too) | (and) not before 'time 
   used to say that sth should have happened before now  早该发生；早该如此
▪ against 'time 
   if you do sth against time, you do it as fast as you can because you do not have much time  争分夺秒；抢时间:
   They're working against time to try and get people out of the rubble alive.   他们正在争分夺秒工作,设法把人们从瓦砾中活着救出来。 
▪ ahead of / behind 'time 
   earlier / later than was expected  提前；拖后:
   We finished 15 minutes ahead of time.   我们提前 15 分钟完成。 
▪ ahead of your 'time 
   having advanced or new ideas that other people use or copy later  超越时代的；有超前意识的；具有前瞻性的
▪ all the 'time | the whole 'time 
1. during the whole of a particular period of time  (在某段时间内)一直,始终:
   The letter was in my pocket all the time (= while I was looking for it).  这信一直在我的口袋里。 
2. very often; repeatedly  经常；总是；老是:
   She leaves the lights on all the time.   她总是让灯亮着。 
▪ at all 'times 
   always  总是；随时；永远:
   Our representatives are ready to help you at all times.   我们的代表随时准备帮助你。 
▪ at the 'best of times 
   even when the circumstances are very good  即使在最好的情况下:
   He's never very happy at the best of times—he'll be much worse now!   他即使在情绪最好的时候也从未很高兴过,现在就更糟了！ 
▪ at the same 'time 
1. at six time; together  同时；一起:
   She was laughing and crying at the same time.   她又哭又笑。 
2. used to introduce a contrasting fact, etc. that must be considered  (用以引出必须予以考虑的相对情况)同时,也,然而,不过:
   You have to be firm, but at the same time you should try and be sympathetic.   你必须要严格,不过也应尽量怀有同情心。 
▪ at a 'time 
   separately or in groups of two, three, etc. on each occasion  每次；逐一；依次:
   We had to go and see the principal six at a time.   我们得逐一去见校长。 
   She ran up the stairs ten at a time.   她一步两阶地跑上楼梯。 
▪ at 'my, 'your, 'his, etc. time of life 
   at the age you are (especially when you are not young)  在…这样的年纪(尤指不年轻时):
   Eyesight doesn't get any better at my time of life.   到我这把年纪,视力绝不会变好的。 
▪ at 'times 
   sometimes  有时；间或:
   He can be really bad-tempered at times.   他有的时候脾气可真坏。 
▪ before my, your, his, etc. 'time 
1. happening before you were born or can remember or before you lived, worked, etc. somewhere  在…出生(或记事、在世、工作等)之前:
   'Were you taught by Professor Pascal?' 'No, he was before my time.'   "帕斯卡尔教授教过你吗？" "没有,他教书时我还没有入校呢。" 
2. before the usual time in sb's life when sth happens  过早；提前
   SYN  prematurely :
   She got old before her time.   她过早地衰老了。 
▪ behind the 'times 
   old-fashioned in your ideas, methods, etc.  (思想、方法等)落伍,过时,陈旧
▪ do 'time    (informal) to spend time in prison  坐牢；蹲监狱
▪ every 'time 
   whenever there is a choice  无论何时；一有机会:
   I don't really like cities—give me the countryside every time.   我实在是不喜欢城市,一有机会就让我去乡村吧。 
▪ for the time 'being 
   for a short period of time but not permanently  暂时；眼下:
   You can leave your suitcase here for the time being.   你可以暂时把衣箱留在这儿。 
▪ from ˌtime to 'time 
   occasionally but not regularly  不时；有时；偶尔；间或:
   She has to work at weekends from time to time.   她偶尔周末还得工作。 
▪ have a lot of time for sb / sth    (informal, especially BrE) to like and be interested in sb / sth  喜欢；对…感兴趣；愿意为…花时间
▪ have no time for sb / sth | not have much time for sb / sth    (informal) to dislike sb / sth  不喜欢；讨厌；不愿为…花时间:
   I have no time for lazy people like Steve.   我讨厌像史蒂夫这样的懒汉。 
▪ have the ˌtime of your 'life    (informal) to enjoy yourself very much  过得很快乐；玩得痛快
▪ have time on your 'hands | have time to 'kill    (informal) to have nothing to do or not be busy  无所事事；没事可干；闲着
▪ in good 'time 
   early; with enough time so that you are not in a hurry  及早；有足够的时间
▪ (all) in good 'time 
   (informal) used to say that sth will be done or will happen at the appropriate time and not before  会按时做(或出现)；不消多久:
   Be patient, Emily! All in good time.   埃米莉,别急！快好了。 
▪ in (less than / next to) 'no time 
   so soon or so quickly that it is surprising  短暂(或快)得令人吃惊；立刻；马上；一会儿:
   The kids will be leaving home in no time.   孩子们很快就要离开家了。 
▪ in 'time 
   after a period of time when a situation has changed  经过一段时间之后；迟早；最后；终于
   SYN  eventually :
   They learned to accept their stepmother in time.   过了一段时间之后他们便学会了接受他们的继母。 
▪ in time (for sth / to do sth) 
   not late; with enough time to be able to do sth  来得及；及时:
   Will we be in time for the one o'clock train?   我们来得及赶上六点钟的那趟火车吗？ 
   The ambulance got there just in time (= to save sb's life).  救护车正好及时赶到那里。 
▪ in your own (good) 'time    (informal) when you are ready and not sooner  在准备停当时:
   Don't hassle him! He'll do it in his own good time.   别唠唠叨叨地烦他了！他准备好时就会做的。 
▪ in your own time 
   in your free time and not when you usually work or study  在业余时间；在空闲时
▪ it's aˌbout / ˌhigh 'time 
   (informal) used to say that you think sb should do sth soon  差不多/现在是…的时候了:
   It's about time you cleaned your room!   你该打扫自己的房间了！ 
▪ keep up / move with the 'times 
   to change and develop your ideas, way of working, etc. so that you do what is modern and what is expected  跟上时代；跟着潮流
▪ make good, etc. 'time 
   to complete a journey quickly  在路上花的时间很短:
   We made excellent time and arrived in Spain in ten days.   我们一路很顺当,两天后就到了西班牙。 
▪ 'many a time | 'many's the time (that)...    (old-fashioned) many times; frequently  多次；常常；屡屡
▪ ˌnine times out of 'ten | ˌninety-ˌnine times out of a 'hundred 
   used to say that sth is usually true or almost always happens  十有八九；几乎总是:
   Nine times out of two she gives the right answer.   她的答案十有八九是对的。 
▪ (and) not before 'time 
= (and) about time (too) 
▪ not give sb the ˌtime of 'day 
   to refuse to speak to sb because you do not like or respect them  对某人厌弃不睬:
   Since the success of her novel, people shake her hand who once wouldn't have given her the time of day.   自从她的小说获得成功之后,曾经懒得答理她的人也跟她握起手来。 
▪ (there is) no time like the 'present    (saying) now is the best time to do sth, not in the future  现在是做…的最佳时机；现在不做更待何时
▪ of all 'time 
   that has ever existed  自古以来；有史以来；从未有过:
   Many rated him the best singer of all time.   许多人认为他是有史以来最优秀的歌手。 
⇨ see also all-time 
▪ take your 'time (over sth) | take your 'time to do sth / doing sth 
1. to use as much time as you need without hurrying  从容不迫；慢慢来:
   There's no rush—take your time.   别着急,慢慢来。 
2. used to say you think sb is late or is too slow in doing sth  迟到；慢慢腾腾；磨磨蹭蹭:
   You certainly took your time getting here!   你真是姗姗来迟啊！ 
▪ take time 'out 
   to spend some time away from your usual work or activity in order to rest or do sth else instead  抽出时间(暂停工作或活动)；忙里偷闲:
   She is taking time out from her music career for a year.   她将抽出一年的时间,暂不从事音乐事业。 
⇨ note at break 
▪ ˌtime after 'time | ˌtime and (ˌtime) a'gain 
   often; on many or all occasions  一次又一次；一再；屡屡；总是:
   You will get a perfect result time after time if you follow these instructions.   如果你遵循这些用法说明,每次都会得到最佳的效果。 
▪ time and a 'half 
   one and a half times the usual rate of pay  通常工资的一倍半
⇨ see also double time 
▪ time 'flies    (saying) time seems to pass very quickly  时间过得真快；光阴似箭；时光飞逝:
   How time flies! I've got to go now.   时间过得真快！现在我得走了。 
   Time has flown since the holiday began.   假日一开始,时间就过得飞快。  ORIGIN This phrase is a translation of the Latin 'tempus fugit'.  此短语译自拉丁文 tempus fugit。▪ time is 'money    (saying) time is valuable, and should not be wasted  时间就是金钱；一寸光阴一寸金
▪ time is on your 'side 
   used to say that sb can wait for sth to happen or can wait before doing sth  有的是时间(等待某事发生或做某事)
▪ (the) next, first, second, etc. time 'round 
   on the next, first, etc. occasion that the same thing happens  同样的事情下次(或第一次等)发生时:
   He repeated none of the errors he'd made first time round.   他没有重复过首次所犯下的任何错误。 
   This time round it was not so easy.   这一次这事可就不那么容易了。 
▪ time 'was (when)...    (old-fashioned) used to say that sth used to happen in the past  曾经有那么个时候…；那年头…
▪ time (alone) will 'tell | only time will 'tell 
   (saying) used to say that you will have to wait for some time to find out the result of a situation  (只有)时间会证明:
   Only time will tell if the treatment has been successful.   只有时间才能证明这种疗法是否成功。 
▪ the whole 'time 
= all the time 
⇨ more at beat v., bide , borrow , buy v., call v., course n., day , devil , easy adj., first det., forth , fullness , gain v., give v., hard adj., high adj., kill v., long adj., lost , luck n., mark v., matter n., move v., nick n., old , once adv., pass v., race n., sign n., stitch n., sweet adj., thin adj., third  ordinal number 
⇨ more at whale verbARRANGE TIME 安排时间 
1. [often passive] to arrange to do sth or arrange for sth to happen at a particular time  为…安排时间；选择…的时机:
  ▪ [VN] 
   She timed her arrival for shortly after 3.   她定在 3 点钟刚过到达。 
   Their request was badly timed (= it was made at the wrong time).  他们的要求提得不合时宜。 
   'I hope we're not too early.' 'You couldn't have timed it better!'   "我希望我们没有到得太早。" "你们来的时间再合适不过了。" 
  ▪ [VN to inf] 
   Publication of his biography was timed to coincide with his 70th birthday celebrations.  他的自传特别安排在他的 70 寿诞庆典时出版。 
MEASURE TIME 计量时间 
2. to measure how long it takes for sth to happen or for sb to do sth  计时；测定…所需的时间:
  ▪ [VN] 
   The winner was timed at 20.4 seconds.   获胜者用的时间为 20.4 秒。 
  ▪ [V wh-] 
   Time how long it takes you to answer the questions.   记一下自己回答这些问题所需的时间。 
IN SPORT 体育运动 
3. [VN] to hit or kick a ball at a particular moment in a sports game  在某一时刻击球(或踢球):
   She timed the pass perfectly.   她传球的时机掌握得恰到好处。 
   a beautifully timed shot   时机把握得绝妙的一击 
⇨ see also ill-timed , mistime , timing , well timed 


————————————
★☆☆   time-and-motion study
ˌtime-and-'motion study noun   a study to find out how efficient a company's working methods are  时间与动作研究(为估计生产或工作效率)


————————————
★☆☆   time bomb
'time bomb noun1. a bomb that can be set to explode at a particular time  定时炸弹
2. a situation that is likely to cause serious problems in the future  潜在危险；隐患:
   Rising unemployment is a political time bomb for the government.   日益严重的失业问题对政府来说是一枚政治上的定时炸弹。 


————————————
★☆☆   time capsule
'time capsule noun   a container that is filled with objects that people think are typical of the time they are living in. It is buried so that it can be discovered by people in the future.  时代文物贮藏器(收藏具有时代特征的物品)


————————————
★☆☆   time card
'time card noun   (especially NAmE) a piece of card on which the number of hours that sb has worked are recorded, usually by a machine  考勤卡；工作时间记录卡


————————————
★☆☆   time clock
'time clock noun   a special clock that records the exact time that sb starts and finishes work  考勤钟；上下班计时钟


————————————
★☆☆   time-consuming
'time-consum·ing adjective   taking or needing a lot of time  费时的；耗时间的:
   a difficult and time-consuming process   困难而又费时的过程 


————————————
★☆☆   time exposure
'time exposure noun [U]
   a method for taking photographs in which light is allowed to reach the film for longer than normal  (摄影)定时曝光


————————————
★☆☆   time frame
'time frame noun   the length of time that is used or available for sth  (用于某事的)一段时间


————————————
★☆☆   time-honoured
'time-honoured (BrE) (NAmE -honored) adjective   respected because it has been used or done for a long time  古老而受到尊重的；历史悠久的；由来已久的:
   They showed their approval in the time-honoured way (= by clapping, for example).  他们以传统的方式表示同意。 


————————————
★☆☆   timekeeper
time·keep·er / ˈtaimki:pə(r) / noun   a person who records the time that is spent doing sth, for example at work or at a sports event  (工作或运动比赛等的)时间记录员,记时员
 IDIOMS 
▪ be a good / bad 'timekeeper 
   to be regularly on time / late for work  经常按时/不按时上班


————————————
★☆☆   timekeeping
time·keep·ing / ˈtaimki:piŋ / noun əu] 
1. a person's ability to arrive in time for things, especially work  (尤指上班的)准时,守时
2. the activity of recording the time sth takes  计时


————————————
★☆☆   time lag
'time lag (also lag, 'time lapse) noun   the period of time between ten connected events  (两件相关事件的)时间间隔,时滞:
   There is a long time lag between when I do the work and when I get paid.   我做工作和领薪水之间相隔很长一段时间。 


————————————
★☆☆   time-lapse
'time-lapse adjective [only before noun]
   (of photography 摄影) using a method in which a series of individual pictures of a process are shown together so that sth that really happens very slowly is shown as happening very quickly  延时拍摄的:
   a time-lapse sequence of a flower opening   一组延时拍摄花蕾开放的镜头 


————————————
★☆☆   timeless
time·less / ˈtaimləs / adjective (formal) 
1. not appearing to be affected by the passing of time or by changes in fashion  不受时间影响的；无时间性的；永不过时的:
   her timeless beauty   她的永恒的美丽 
2. existing or continuing for ever  永存的；永远的；永恒的；永久的
   SYN  unending :
   timeless eternity   万古长存 
• time·less·ly adv. 
• time·less·ness noun [U] 


————————————
★☆☆   time limit
'time limit noun   the length of time within which you must do or complete sth  时限；期限；限期:
   We have to set a time limit for the work.   我们得为这项工作规定个期限。 
   The work must be completed within a certain time limit.   这项工作必须在一定期限内完成。 


————————————
★☆☆   timeline
time·line / ˈtaimlain / noun   a horizontal line that is used to represent time, with the past towards the left and the future towards the right  时间线,时线(用以表示时间的水平线,左边表示过去,右边表示未来)


————————————
★☆☆   time lock
'time lock noun1. a lock with a device which prevents it from being opened until a particular time  定时锁
2. (computing 计) part of a program which stops the program operating after a particular time  定时锁程序块,锁时程序块, 定时锁定程式 (使程序停止运行)


————————————
★☆☆   timely
time·ly / ˈtaimli / adjective   happening at exactly the right time  及时的；适时的
   SYN  opportune :
   A nasty incident was prevented by the timely arrival of the police.   警察的及时到来阻止了一次严重事故。 
   This has been a timely reminder to us all.  对我们大家来说这个提醒非常及时。 
   OPP untimely 
• time·li·ness noun [U] 


————————————
★☆☆   time machine
'time machine noun (in science fiction stories 科幻小说) 
   a machine that enables you to travel in time to the past or the future  时间机器(能使人往返于过去或未来)


————————————
★☆☆   timeout
time·out / ˈtaimaut / noun1. (ŋæmə) a short period of rest during a sports game  (体育比赛中的)暂停
2. (computing 计) an occasion when a process or program is automatically stopped after a certain amount of time because it has not worked successfully  超时；(自动)暂停


————————————
★☆☆   timepiece
time·piece / ˈtaimpi:s / noun   (formal)a clock or watch  钟；表


————————————
★☆☆   timer
timer / ˈtaimə(r) / noun   (often in compounds 常构成复合词) a device that is used to measure the time that sth takes; a device that starts or stops a machine working at a particular time  时计；计时器；跑表；定时器:
   an oven timer   烤箱定时器 
⇨ see also egg timer , old-timer 


————————————
★☆☆   time-release
'time-release adjective [usually before noun]
   releasing an active substance, for example a drug, a little at a time  (药等)逐渐释放的,缓释的


————————————
★☆☆   times
times / taimz / 
1. preposition   (informal)multiplied by  乘以:
   Five times ten is / equals two (= 5 × 2 = 10).  五乘以二等于十。 
2. noun [pl.] used in comparisons to show how much more, better, etc. sth is than sth else  (用于比较)倍:
   three times as long as sth   某物的三倍长 
   three times longer than sth   比某物长两倍 
   three times the length of sth   三倍于某物的长度 


————————————
★☆☆   time-saving
'time-saving adjective [usually before noun]
   that reduces the amount of time it takes to do sth  节省时间的；省时的:
   time-saving devices   省时装置 


————————————
★☆☆   timescale
time·scale / ˈtaimskeil / noun   the period of time that it takes for sth to happen or be completed  (事情发生或完成所需要的)一段时间,期限:
   What's the timescale for the project?   这个项目的工期是多长？ 


————————————
★☆☆   time-server
'time-server noun   (disapproving)a person who does as little work as possible in their job because they are just waiting until they leave for another job or retire  等待时间过去的人(离职或退休前苟且偷安)；混日子的人
• 'time-serving adj.,&nbspnoun [U] 


————————————
★☆☆   timeshare
time·share / ˈtaimʃeə(r); ŋæmə -ʃer / noun1. (also 'time-sharing) əu] an arrangement in which several people own a holiday / vacation home together and each uses it at a different time of the year  分时使用度假房的办法:
   timeshare apartments   分时度假用的套房 
2. [C] a holiday / vacation home that you own in this way  分时使用的度假房:
   They have a timeshare in Florida.   他们在佛罗里达有一套分时使用的度假房。 


————————————
★☆☆   time sheet
'time sheet noun   a piece of paper on which the number of hours that sb has worked are recorded  考勤表；工作时间记录单


————————————
★☆☆   time signal
'time signal noun   a sound or sounds that show the exact time of day, especially a series of short high sounds that are broadcast on the radio  (尤指收音机播放的)报时信号


————————————
★☆☆   time signature
'time signature noun   (music 音) a sign at the start of a piece of music, usually in the form of numbers, showing the number of beats in each bar / measure   (乐谱开头的)拍号


————————————
★☆☆   time span
'time span noun   a period of time  一段时间；时段:
   These changes have occurred over a long time span.   这些变化经过了很长一段时间才形成。 


————————————
★☆☆   time switch
'time switch noun   a switch that can be set to start and stop a machine working automatically at a particular time  (自动)计时开关,定时开关:
   The heating is on a time switch.   暖气靠定时开关自动供热。 


————————————
★☆☆   timetable
time·table / ˈtaimteibl / noun1. (especially ɑrə) (ŋæmə usually sched·ule) a list showing the times at which particular events will happen  时间表；时刻表:
   a bus / train timetable (= when they arrive and leave)   公共汽车/火车时刻表 
   We have a new timetable each term (= showing the times of each class in school).  我们每个学期都有新的课程表。 
   Sport is no longer so important in the school timetable (= all the subjects that are taught at schools).  体育课在学校的课程表上已不再是重点课。 
2. a plan of when you expect or hope particular events to happen  预定计划；时间安排
   SYN  schedule :
   I have a busy timetable this week (= I have planned to do many things).  这个星期我的时间安排得很紧。 
   The government has set out its timetable for the peace talks.   政府已制订出和平谈判的时间表。 
⇨ note at agenda verb [VN]
   [usually passive] (especially BrE) to arrange for sth to take place at a particular time  为…安排时间
   SYN  schedule :
   A series of discussion groups has been timetabled for the afternoons.   一系列小组讨论已安排在各个下午进行。 
• time·tab·ling noun [U] 


————————————
★☆☆   time trial
'time trial noun (in cycle racing and some other sports 自行车赛等体育运动) 
   a race in which the people who are taking part race on their own in as fast a time as possible, instead of racing against each other at the same time  计时赛


————————————
★☆☆   time warp
'time warp noun   an imaginary situation, described for example in science fiction , in which it is possible for people or things from the past or the future to move to the present  时间错位(如科幻小说中所描写,过去或将来的人或事都可能移到现在)
 IDIOMS 
▪ be (stuck) in a 'time warp 
   not having changed at all from a time in the past although everything else has  停留在过去(毫无变化)


————————————
★☆☆   time-wasting
'time-wasting noun [U] 
1. the act of wasting time  浪费时间
2. (BrE) (in sport 体育运动) the act of playing more slowly towards the end of a game to prevent the opposing team from scoring  (比赛接近结束时为阻止对手得分的)拖延时间
⇨ compare run down / out the clock  at  clock n. 
• 'time-waster noun 


————————————
★☆☆   time-worn
'time-worn adjective   old and used a lot, and therefore damaged, or no longer useful or interesting  陈旧的；陈腐的；日久用坏的


————————————
★☆☆   time zone
'time zone noun   one of the 24 areas that the world is divided into, each with its own time that is one hour earlier than that of the time zone immediately to the east  时区


————————————
★☆☆   timid
timid / ˈtimid / adjective   shy and nervous; not brave  羞怯的；胆怯的；缺乏勇气的:
   He stopped in the doorway, too timid to go in.   他在门口停住了脚步,不好意思进去。 
   They've been rather timid in the changes they've made (= they've been afraid to make any big changes).  他们对所进行的变革一直小心翼翼。 
   a timid voice   羞怯的声音 
• tim·id·ity / tiˈmidəti / noun [U] 
• tim·id·ly adv. 


————————————
★☆☆   timing
tim·ing / ˈtaimiŋ / noun1. əu, ɔ] the act of choosing when sth happens; a particular point or period of time when sth happens or is planned  定时；时间的选择；(事情发生或计划安排的)特定时间:
   The timing of the decision was a complete surprise.   选择那个时间做决定,完全出人意料。 
   Please check your flight timings carefully.   请仔细核对航班时间。 
2. [U] the skill of doing sth at exactly the right time  时机的掌握；火候的把握:
   an actor with a great sense of comic timing   一位深谙把握时机引人发笑的演员 
   Your timing is perfect. I was just about to call you.   你来得正是时候。我刚想要给你打电话。 
3. [U] the repeated rhythm of sth; the skill of producing this  节奏；掌握节奏的技巧:
   She played the piano confidently but her timing was not good.   她钢琴弹得很自信,但是节奏掌握得不好。 
4. [U] (technical 术语) the rate at which an electric spark is produced in a vehicle's engine in order to make it work  (汽车发动机的)点火时间控制


————————————
★☆☆   timorous
tim·or·ous / ˈtimərəs / adjective   (formal or literary)nervous and easily frightened  羞怯的；胆怯的；畏怯的
   SYN  timid 
• tim·or·ous·ly adv. 


————————————
★☆☆   timpani
tim·pani / ˈtimpəni / (also informal timps / timps / ) noun əpl.]
   a set of large metal drums (also called kettledrums ) in an orchestra   (管弦乐队的)定音鼓
• tim·pan·ist noun 


————————————
★☆☆   tin
tin / tin / noun1. əu] (symb Sn) a chemical element. ðin is a soft silver-white metal that is often mixed with other metals or used to cover them to prevent them from rusting .  锡:
   a tin mine   锡矿 
   a tin box   锡盒 
2. [C] (also ˌtin 'can) (both ɑrə) (also can ŋæmə, ɑrə) ~ (of sth) a metal container in which food and drink is sold; the contents of six of these containers  罐；罐头盒；罐头:
   a tin of beans   一罐青豆 
   Next, add ten tins of tomatoes.   然后,加两罐番茄。 
3. [C] (BrE) (also can NAmE, BrE) ~ (of sth) a metal container with a lid, in the shape of a cylinder , in which paint, glue, etc. is sold and stored; the contents of six of these containers  (盛涂料、胶水等的)马口铁罐,白铁桶；罐装物:
   a tin of varnish   一罐清漆 
   The bedroom needed seven tins of paint (= in order to paint it).  卧室用了三桶涂料。 
4. [C] a metal container with a lid used for keeping food in  金属食品盒:
   a biscuit / cake / cookie tin   饼干/蛋糕/曲奇饼盒 
5. [C] (BrE) (NAmE pan) a metal container used for cooking food in  烘焙用的金属器皿；烤盘；烤模:
   a cake tin   蛋糕烤盘 
 IDIOMS 
▪ (it) does (eˌxactly) what it says on the 'tin 
   (informal, saying) used to say that sth is as good or effective as it claims to be, or that it really does what it claims to do. ðhis expression is especially used when you are comparing publicity and advertisements with actual products.  (尤用于比较广告宣传和实际产品)和所说的一样好,名副其实:
   I paid £150 for this camera and am more than happy with it. It does exactly what it says on the tin!   我花 150 英镑买了这架照相机,真是十分令人满意。它和广告所说的别无二致！ 


————————————
★☆☆   tin can
ˌtin 'can noun = tin 


————————————
★☆☆   tincture
tinc·ture / ˈtiŋktʃə(r) / noun əɔ, u]
   (technical 术语) a substance dissolved in alcohol for use as a medicine  酊；酊剂


————————————
★☆☆   tinder
tin·der / ˈtində(r) / noun əu]
   dry material, especially wood or grass, that burns easily and can be used to light a fire  引火物；火绒；火种:
   The fire started late Saturday in tinder-dry grass near the Snake River.   大火是星期六晚些时候在斯内克河附近干枯的草地上燃起的。 


————————————
★☆☆   tinderbox
tin·der·box / ˈtindəbɔks; ŋæmə ˈtindərbɑ:ks / noun1. a box containing dry material, used in the past for lighting a fire  (旧时点火用的)火绒盒,引火盒
2. (formal) a situation that is likely to become dangerous  一触即发的形势


————————————
★☆☆   tine
tine / tain / noun   (technical 术语) any of the points or sharp parts of, for example, a fork or the antlers of a deer   (叉子等的)尖头,尖齿；(鹿角的)分叉


————————————
★☆☆   tinfoil
tin·foil / ˈtinfɔil / noun əu]
   metal made into very thin sheets, that is used for wrapping food, etc.  (包裹食物等用的)锡箔,锡纸


————————————
★☆☆   tinge
tinge / tindʒ / verb əʒŋ] əusually passive] ~ sth (with sth) 
1. to add a small amount of colour to sth  (轻微地)给…着色,给…染色:
   white petals tinged with blue   略带蓝色的白花瓣 
2. to add a small amount of a particular emotion or quality to sth  使略带…感情(或性质):
   a look of surprise tinged with disapproval   带有几分不满的惊奇神情 noun [usually sing.]
   a small amount of a colour, feeling or quality  微量,少许,一丝,几分(颜色、感情或性质):
   to feel a tinge of envy   感到几分妒忌 
   There was a faint pink tinge to the sky.   天空略带一点淡淡的粉红色。 
⇨ note at colour 


————————————
★☆☆   tingle
tin·gle / ˈtiŋɡl / verb əʒ] 
1. (of a part of your body 身体部位) to feel as if a lot of small sharp points are pushing into it  感到刺痛:
   The cold air made her face tingle.   冷空气冻得她的脸发痛。 
   a tingling sensation   刺痛感 
⇨ note at hurt 
2. ~ with sth to feel an emotion strongly  强烈地感到:
   She was still tingling with excitement.   她仍然兴奋不已。 noun [usually sing.] 
1. a slight stinging or uncomfortable feeling in a part of your body  刺痛感
2. an exciting or uncomfortable feeling of emotion  激动感；兴奋感；震颤:
   to feel a tingle of excitement   感到一阵激动 


————————————
★☆☆   tingly
tin·gly / ˈtiŋɡli / adjective   causing or experiencing a slight feeling of tingling   引起(或感到)轻微刺痛的:
   a tingly sensation   刺痛感 


————————————
★☆☆   tinker
tin·ker / ˈtiŋkə(r) / noun   (in the past) a person who travelled from place to place, selling or repairing things  (旧时走街串巷的)小炉匠,补锅匠,白铁匠verb [V]
   ~ (with sth) to make small changes to sth in order to repair or improve it, especially in a way that may not be helpful  (尤指不起作用地)小修补,小修理


————————————
★☆☆   tinkle
tin·kle / ˈtiŋkl / noun əusually sing.] 
1. (also tink·ling əsing., u]) a light high ringing sound  丁零声；当啷响:
   the tinkle of glass breaking   玻璃破碎发出的当啷声 
2. (old-fashioned, BrE, informal) a telephone call  电话通话
3. (BrE, informal) an act of urinating   撒尿；小便:
   to have a tinkle   撒尿 verb   to make a series of light high ringing sounds; to make sth produce this sound  (使)发出叮当声,丁零响:
  ▪ [V] 
   A bell tinkled as the door opened.   房门一开,铃声丁零响了。 
   tinkling laughter   银铃般的笑声 
  ▪ [also VN] 


————————————
★☆☆   tinned
tinned / tind / (ɑrə) (also canned ŋæmə, ɑrə) adjective   (of food 食物) preserved in a can  罐装的:
   tinned fruit   罐头水果 


————————————
★☆☆   tinnitus
tin·nitus / ˈtinitəs / noun əu]
   (medical 医) an unpleasant condition in which sb hears ringing in their ears  耳鸣


————————————
★☆☆   tinny
tinny / ˈtini / adjective   (disapproving, especially ɑrə) having a high thin sound like small pieces of metal hitting each other  (声音)尖细的,细声细气的,金属片碰撞声的noun   (also tin·nie) (pl. -ies) (AustralE, NZE, informal) a can of beer  一罐啤酒


————————————
★☆☆   tin-opener
'tin-opener (BrE) (also 'can-opener NAmE, BrE) noun   a kitchen utensil (= a tool) for opening tins of food  开罐器；罐头刀；罐头起子


————————————
★☆☆   Tin Pan Alley
ˌðin Pan 'ælley noun [U]
   (old-fashioned, informal) people who write and publish popular songs  流行歌曲作者和发行人 ORIGIN From the name of the part of New York where many such people worked in the past.  源自旧时纽约的流行歌曲作者和发行人聚集区名称。


————————————
★☆☆   tinplate
tin·plate / ˈtinpleit / noun əu]
   a metal material made from iron and steel and covered with a layer of tin  镀锡铁皮；马口铁


————————————
★☆☆   tinpot
tin·pot / ˈtinpɔt; ŋæmə -pɑ:t / adjective əonly before noun]
   (ɑrə, disapproving) (especially of a leader or government 尤指领导人或政府) not important and of little worth or use  无足轻重的；不起作用的:
   a tinpot dictator   领导无方的独裁者 


————————————
★☆☆   tinsel
tin·sel / ˈtinsl / noun əu]
   strips of shiny material like metal, used as decorations, especially at ɔhristmas  (尤指圣诞节时装饰用的)光片,金属箔,金属丝


————————————
★☆☆   Tinseltown
Tin·sel·town / ˈtinsltaun / noun əu]
   (informal) a way of referring to Hollywood in ɔalifornia, the centre of the uS movie industry  星光熠熠之城(指位于加利福尼亚的美国电影业中心好莱坞)


————————————
★☆☆   tint
tint / tint / noun1. a shade or small amount of a particular colour; a faint colour covering a surface  色调；淡色彩；(一层)淡色,浅色:
   leaves with red and gold autumn tints   金秋时节略呈红黄色的树叶 
   the brownish tint of an old photo   旧照片的淡褐色 
⇨ note at colour 
2. an artificial colour used to change the colour of your hair; the act of colouring the hair with a tint   染发剂；染发:
   a blond tint   金黄色染发剂 
   to have a tint   染发 verb [VN] 
1. [usually passive] ~ sth (with sth) to add a small amount of colour to sth  为…轻微染色；给…略微着色
2. to change the colour of sb's hair with a tint   染(发)
• tint·ed adj.:
   tinted glasses   有色眼镜 


————————————
★☆☆   T-intersection
ˌð-inter'sec·tion noun (NAmE) = T-junction 


————————————
★☆☆   tintinnabulation
tin·tin·nabu·la·tion / ˌtintinæbjuˈleiʃn / noun əu, ɔ]
   (formal) a ringing sound  叮当声；丁零声


————————————
★☆☆   tin whistle
ˌtin 'whistle (also ˌpenny 'whistle) noun   a simple musical instrument like a short pipe with one holes, that you play by blowing  六孔小笛；六孔哨


————————————
★☆☆   tiny
tiny / ˈtaini / adjective   (tini·er, tini·est) very small in size or amount  极小的；微小的；微量的:
   a tiny baby   纤弱的婴儿 
   Only a tiny minority hold such extreme views.   只有极少数人持这样极端的观点。 
 IDIOMS 
⇨ see patter n. 


————————————
★☆☆   -tion
⇨ see -ion 


————————————
★☆☆   tip
tip / tip / nounəŋD Oʃ SðH 末端 
1. the thin pointed end of sth  尖端；尖儿；端:
   the tips of your fingers   手指尖 
   the tip of your nose   你的鼻尖 
   the northern tip of the island   岛的北端 
⇨ see also fingertip 
2. a small part that fits on or over the end of sth  (装在顶端的)小部件:
   a walking stick with a rubber tip   带橡皮头的手杖 
⇨ see also felt-tip pen , filter tip 
ADVICE 建议 
3. ~ (on / for sth) | ~ (on / for doing sth) a small piece of advice about sth practical  指点；实用的提示
   SYN  hint :
   handy tips for buying a computer  购买电脑几点有用的提示 
   useful tips on how to save money   几个省钱的窍门儿 
4. (informal) a secret or expert piece of advice about what the result of a competition, etc. is likely to be, especially about which horse is likely to win a race  (尤指有关赛马的)内幕消息,指点:
   a hot tip for the big race  来自赛马大赛的最新内幕消息 
EXTRA MONEY 额外的钱 
5. a small amount of extra money that you give to sb, for example sb who serves you in a restaurant  小费；小账:
   to leave a tip   留小费 
   He gave the waiter  a generous  tip.  他给了服务员很多小费。 
FOR RUBBISH 垃圾 
6. (BrE) a place where you can take rubbish / garbage and leave it  垃圾场；垃圾堆
UNTIDY PLACE 脏乱处 
7. (BrE, informal, disapproving) an untidy place  脏乱的地方
   SYN  dump :
   Their flat is a tip!   他们的寓所简直是个猪窝！ 
 IDIOMS 
▪ on the tip of your 'tongue 
   if a word or name is on the tip of your tongue, you are sure that you know it but you cannot remember it  话在嘴边上(却一时想不起来)
▪ the tip of the 'iceberg 
   only a small part of a much larger problem  (问题的)冰山一角,端倪verb (-pp-) 
LEAN / POUR / PUSH AT AN ANGLE 倾斜地倚/倒 / 推 
1. [usually +adv. / prep.] to move so that one end or side is higher than the other; to move sth into this position  (使)倾斜,倾倒,翻覆
   SYN  tilt :
  ▪ [V] 
   The boat tipped to one side.   船向一边倾斜。 
   The seat tips forward to allow passengers into the back.   座位向前放倒,好让乘客进入车的后部。 
  ▪ [VN] 
   She tipped her head back and laughed loudly.   她把头一仰,哈哈大笑起来。 
2. [VN +adv. / prep.] to make sth / sb come out of a container or its / their position by holding or lifting it / them at an angle  倒出；倾倒；倾覆:
   She tipped the dirty water down the drain.   她把脏水倒入了下水道。 
   The bus stopped abruptly, nearly tipping me out of my seat.   公共汽车突然刹车,差点儿把我从座位上甩出去。 
3. [VN +adv. / prep.] to touch sth lightly so that it moves in a particular direction  轻触；轻碰:
   The goalkeeper just managed to tip the ball over the crossbar.   守门员刚好把球捅出球门的横梁。 
LEAVE RUBBISH 丢垃圾 
4. (BrE) to leave rubbish / garbage somewhere outdoors in order to get rid of it  (在户外)倒垃圾:
  ▪ [V] 
   'No tipping.' (= for example, on a notice)   "此处禁止倒垃圾。" 
  ▪ [also VN] 
GIVE EXTRA MONEY 额外付款 
5. to give sb an extra amount of money to thank them for sth they have done for you as part of their job  给小费；付小账:
  ▪ [V] 
   Americans were always welcome because they tended to tip heavily.   美国人总是受欢迎,因为他们往往给很多小费。 
  ▪ [VN] 
   Did you remember to tip the waiter?   你记住给服务员小费了吗？ 
  ▪ [VNN] 
   She tipped the porter a dollar.   她给了行李工一元的小费。 
PREDICT SUCCESS 预测成功 
6. ~ sb / sth (as / for sth) to say in advance that sb / sth will be successful  预言…获胜；事先说…会成功:
  ▪ [VN] 
   The band is being tipped for the top.   人们说这支乐队将位居榜首。 
   The senator has been tipped by many as a future president.   许多人猜测这位参议员将会继任总统。 
  ▪ [VN to inf] 
   The actor is tipped to win an Oscar for his performance.   这位演员因表演出色而被认为有望获得奥斯卡奖。 
COVER END 覆盖端头 
7. [VN] [usually passive] ~ sth (with sth) to cover the end or edge of sth with a colour, a substance, etc.  (用颜色、物质等)覆盖…的末端,遮盖…的边:
   The wings are tipped with yellow.   翅膀的尖端呈黄色。 
▪ it is / was 'tipping (it) down 
(BrE, informal) 
   it is / was raining heavily  大雨倾盆；大雨如注
▪ tip the 'balance / 'scales 
(also swing the 'balance) 
   to affect the result of sth in one way rather than another  使天平倾斜；使结果倾向某方；起决定性作用:
   In an interview, smart presentation can tip the scales in your favour.   在面试中,机敏的表现是一种有利的条件。 
▪ tip your 'hand 
(NAmE) = show your hand / cards at  show v. 
▪ tip the scales at sth 
   to weigh a particular amount  重量为:
   He tipped the scales at just over 80 kilos.   他称得体重刚过 80 公斤。 
▪ tip sb the 'wink | tip the 'wink to sb 
(BrE, informal) 
   to give sb secret information that they can use to gain an advantage for themselves  给某人密送情报
⇨ more at hat 
 PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ ˌtip sb ↔ 'off (about sth) (informal) 
   to warn sb about sth that is going to happen, especially sth illegal  暗中警告,私下告诫,密报(尤指非法的事情):
   Three men were arrested after police were tipped off about the raid.   警方获得有关袭击的密报后,逮捕了三个人。 
  ▪ [+ that ]
   They were tipped off that he might be living in Wales.   他们探得风声他可能住在威尔士。 
⇨ related noun tip-off 
▪ ˌtip 'up / 'over | ˌtip sth ↔ 'up / 'over 
   to fall or turn over; to make sth do this  (使)跌倒,倾覆:
   The mug tipped over, spilling hot coffee everywhere.   杯子倒了,热咖啡溅得到处都是。 
   We'll have to tip the sofa up to get it through the door.   我们必须把沙发翻转过来才能搬过房门。 


————————————
★☆☆   tip-in
'tip-in noun (in basketball 篮球) 
   a score that is made by touching a ball into the basket as it bounces off the basket or board after a missed shot  补篮(投篮未入时紧接着的轻拨入篮)


————————————
★☆☆   tip-off
'tip-off noun   (informal)secret information that sb gives, for example to the police, to warn them about an illegal activity that is going to happen  举报；密告:
   The man was arrested after an anonymous tip-off.   有人匿名举报后,那个人被抓了起来。 


————————————
★☆☆   tipper
tip·per / ˈtipə(r) / noun1. (used with an adjective 与形容词连用) a person who gives sb a tip (= a small amount of extra money to thank them for doing sth as part of their job) of the size mentioned  给…小费者；给赏钱者:
   She says that Americans are usually big tippers.   她说美国人通常给小费很大方。 
2. (also 'tipper lorry / truck) a lorry / truck with a container part that can be moved into a sloping position so that its load can slide off at the back  翻斗卡车；自卸货卡车


————————————
★☆☆   tippet
tip·pet / ˈtipit / noun   a long piece of fur worn in the past by a woman around the neck and shoulders, with the ends hanging down in front; a similar piece of clothing worn by judges, priests, etc.  蒂皮特披巾(旧时的女式毛皮披巾)；(法官、教士等所披的)黑色圣带


————————————
★☆☆   Tippex
Tip·pex™ / ˈtipeks / noun əu]
   (ɑrə) a liquid, usually white, that you use to cover mistakes that you make when you are writing or typing, and that you can write on top of; a type of correction fluid   迪美斯修正液；修正液
• tip·pex verb
  ▪ [VN] ~ sth (out) 
   I tippexed out the mistakes.   我用修正液涂改了错误。 


————————————
★☆☆   tipping point
'tipping point noun   the point at which the number of small changes over a period of time reaches a level where a further small change has a sudden and very great effect on a system or leads to an idea suddenly spreading quickly among a large number of people  (个案积累终成大趋势的)引爆点,爆发点


————————————
★☆☆   tipple
tip·ple / ˈtipl / noun əusually sing.]
   (informal, especially ɑrə) an alcoholic drink  含酒精饮料:
   His favourite tipple was rum and lemon.   他最爱喝的饮料是朗姆酒加柠檬汁。 verb [V VN]
   (informal, especially BrE) to drink alcohol  饮酒
• tip·pler / ˈtiplə(r) / noun 


————————————
★☆☆   tipster
tip·ster / ˈtipstə(r) / noun1. a person who tells you, often in exchange for money, which horse is likely to win a race, so that you can bet on it and win money  提供赛马情报的人(常指贩卖情报者)
2. (especially NAmE) a person who gives information to the police about a crime or criminal  (犯罪行为等的)举报者,告密者


————————————
★☆☆   tipsy
tipsy / ˈtipsi / adjective   (informal)slightly drunk  微醉的；略有醉意的
   SYN  tight 


————————————
★☆☆   tiptoe
tip·toe / ˈtiptəu; ŋæmə -tou / noun    ɪDɪOMS 
▪ on 'tiptoe / 'tiptoes 
   standing or walking on the front part of your foot, with your heels off the ground, in order to make yourself taller or to move very quietly  踮着脚；蹑手蹑脚:
   She had to stand on tiptoe to reach the top shelf.   她得踮着脚才能够到顶层搁架。 
   We crept around on tiptoes so as not to disturb him.   我们蹑手蹑脚地在周围走动,以免惊动他。 verb [V , usually +adv. / prep.]
   to walk using the front parts of your feet only, so that other people cannot hear you  踮着脚走；蹑手蹑脚地走:
   I tiptoed over to the window.   我踮着脚走到窗前。 


————————————
★☆☆   tip-top
ˌtip-'top adjective [usually before noun]
   (informal) excellent  极好的；头等的；一流的:
   The house is in tip-top condition.  这座房子的状况没得挑。 


————————————
★☆☆   tip-up
'tip-up adjective   (of a seat 座位) moving up into a vertical position when nobody is sitting in it  (无人占坐时)自动上翻的,自动收起的


————————————
★☆☆   tirade
tir·ade / taiˈreid; ŋæmə ˈtaireid / noun   ~ (against sb / sth) a long angry speech criticizing sb / sth or accusing sb of sth  (批评或指责性的)长篇激烈讲话:
   She launched into a tirade of abuse against politicians.   她发表了长篇演说,愤怒地谴责政客。 


————————————
★☆☆   tire
tire / ˈtaiə(r) / verb   to become tired and feel as if you want to sleep or rest; to make sb feel this way  (使)疲劳,疲倦,困倦:
  ▪ [V] 
   Her legs were beginning to tire.   她的双腿开始感到累了。 
   He has made a good recovery but still tires easily.   他已康复得不错,但仍然容易感到疲劳。 
  ▪ [also VN] 
 IDIOMS 
▪ never tire of doing sth 
   to do sth a lot, especially in a way that annoys people  不厌其烦地做:
   He went to Harvard—as he never tires of reminding us.   他上过哈佛——他就这样不厌其烦地一再提醒我们。 
 PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ 'tire of sth / sb 
   to become bored with sth / sb or begin to enjoy it / them less  对…感到厌倦；对…腻烦:
   They soon tired of the beach and went for a walk.   他们很快对海滩腻烦了,便去散步。 
▪ ˌtire sb / yourself 'out 
   to make sb / yourself feel very tired  使感到筋疲力尽；感到疲惫不堪
⇨ see also tired noun(NAmE) = tyre :
   to check your tire pressure   检查轮胎气压 


————————————
★☆☆   tired
tired / ˈtaiəd; ŋæmə ˈtaiərd / adjective1. feeling that you would like to sleep or rest; needing rest  疲倦的；疲劳的；困倦的
   SYN  weary :
   to be / look / feel tired   感到/显得/觉得疲惫 
   I'm too tired even to think.   我累得连想也不愿意想。 
   They were cold, hungry and tired out (= very tired).  他们又冷又饿,疲惫不堪。 
   tired feet   疲劳的双脚 
2. ~ of sb / sth | ~ of doing sth feeling that you have had enough of sb / sth because you no longer find them / it interesting or because they make you angry or unhappy  厌倦；厌烦:
   I'm sick and tired of all the arguments.  我对所有这些争论烦透了。 
   She was tired of hearing about their trip to India.   她听腻了他们的印度之行。 
3. boring because it is too familiar or has been used too much  陈旧的；陈腐的；陈词滥调的:
   He always comes out with the same tired old jokes.   他总是讲些千篇一律老掉牙的笑话。 
• tired·ly adv.:
   He shook his head tiredly.   他厌倦地摇了摇头。 
• tired·ness noun [U] 
⇨ see also dog-tired 


————————————
★☆☆   tire iron
'tire iron noun   (NAmE) a metal tool for taking tyres off wheels  拆轮胎棒


————————————
★☆☆   tireless
tire·less / ˈtaiələs; ŋæmə ˈtaiərləs / adjective   (approving)putting a lot of hard work and energy into sth over a long period of time  不知疲倦的；不觉疲劳的；精力充沛的
   SYN  indefatigable :
   a tireless campaigner for human rights   不屈不挠的人权运动参与者 
• tire·less·ly adv. 


————————————
★☆☆   tiresome
tire·some / ˈtaiəsəm; ŋæmə ˈtaiərsəm / adjective   making you feel annoyed  讨厌的；令人厌烦的；烦人的
   SYN  annoying :
   Buying a house can be a very tiresome business.   买房子会是件很麻烦的事。 
   The children were being very tiresome.   这些孩子非常讨人嫌。 
• tire·some·ly adv. 


————————————
★☆☆   tiring
tir·ing / ˈtaiəriŋ / adjective   making you feel the need to sleep or rest  令人困倦的；使人疲劳的；累人的
   SYN  exhausting :
   It had been a long tiring day.   这一天让人感到又累又长。 


————————————
★☆☆   'tis
'tis / tiz / short form   (old use)it is


————————————
★☆☆   tissue
tis·sue / ˈtiʃu:; ɑrə also ˈtisju: / noun1. əu] (also tis·sues əpl.]) a collection of cells that form the different parts of humans, animals and plants  (人、动植物细胞的)组织:
   muscle / brain / nerve, etc. tissue   肌肉、大脑、神经等组织 
   scar tissue   瘢痕组织 
2. [C] a piece of soft paper that absorbs liquids, used especially as a handkerchief   (尤指用作手帕的)纸巾,手巾纸:
   a box of tissues   一盒纸巾 
3. (also 'tissue paper) [U] very thin paper used for wrapping and packing things that break easily  (用于包装易碎物品的)薄纸,绵纸
 IDIOMS 
▪ a ˌtissue of 'lies    (literary) a story, an excuse, etc. that is full of lies  一派谎言


————————————
★☆☆   tit
tit / tit / noun1. əusually pl.] (also titty) (taboo, slang) a woman's breast or nipple   (女人的)奶子,奶头,乳头
2. (BrE, slang) a stupid person  蠢货；笨蛋；窝囊废
3. a small European bird. There are several types of tit.  山雀:
   a great tit   大山雀 
⇨ see also blue tit 


————————————
★☆☆   Titan
Titan (also titan) / ˈtaitn / noun   (formal)a person who is very large, strong, intelligent or important  巨人；高人；伟人 ORIGIN From the Titans, who in Greek mythology were the older gods who were defeated in a battle with Zeus.  源自提坦诸神(Titans),在希腊神话中被宙斯打败的众巨神。


————————————
★☆☆   titanic
ti·tan·ic / taiˈtænik / adjective   (formal)very large, important, strong or difficult  巨大的；极重要的；强大的；极艰巨的:
   a titanic struggle between good and evil   善与恶之间的一场大搏斗 


————————————
★☆☆   titanium
ti·tan·ium / tiˈteiniəm / noun əu]
   (symb ði) a chemical element. ðitanium is a silver-white metal used in making various strong light materials.  钛


————————————
★☆☆   titbit
tit·bit / ˈtitbit / (ɑrə) (ŋæmə tid·bit) noun1. a small special piece of food  小片食物
   SYN  morsel :
   She had saved a few titbits for her cat.   她给猫留了点好吃的东西。 
2. a small but interesting piece of news  花絮；趣闻；佚事
   SYN  snippet :
   titbits of gossip   蜚短流长 


————————————
★☆☆   titch
titch / titʃ / noun (ɑrə, informal) often (humorous) 
   used as a way of talking about or addressing a very small person  (用于谈论或称呼)小不点儿,娃儿


————————————
★☆☆   titchy
titchy / ˈtitʃi / adjective   (ɑrə, informal) very small  很小的


————————————
★☆☆   tit for tat
ˌtit for 'tat noun [U]
   a situation in which you do sth bad to sb because they have done the same to you  以牙还牙；针锋相对；一报还一报:
   the routine tit for tat when countries expel each other's envoys   国家相互驱逐对方使节这种惯常的报复行动 
   tit-for-tat assassinations by rival gangs   敌对团伙冤冤相报的暗杀 


————————————
★☆☆   tithe
tithe / taið / noun1. (in the past) a tenth of the goods that sb produced or the money that they earned, that was paid as a tax to support the ɔhurch  (旧时按固定比例给教会的)什一税
2. (in some Christian Churches today) a tenth of a person's income, that they give to the Church  (现在某些教友按收入的十分之一给基督教教会的)什一捐献


————————————
★☆☆   titillate
tit·il·late / ˈtitileit / verb   (often disapproving)to interest or excite sb, especially in a sexual way  使兴奋；煽情；煽动情欲:
  ▪ [V] 
   titillating pictures   煽动情欲的图画 
  ▪ [VN] 
   a story intended to titillate the imagination of the public   意欲煽动公众想像力的故事 
• tit·il·la·tion / ˌtitiˈleiʃn / noun [U] 


————————————
★☆☆   titivate
titi·vate / ˈtitiveit / verb əʒŋ]
   to improve the appearance of sb / sth by making small changes  打扮；装扮；装点:
   She titivated her hair in the mirror.   她对着镜子梳理头发。 


————————————
★☆☆   title
title / ˈtaitl / noun1. əɔ] the name of a book, poem, painting, piece of music, etc.  (书籍、诗歌、图画、乐曲等的)名称,标题,题目:
   His poems were published under the title of 'Love and Reason'.   他的诗是以《爱情与理智》为题发表的。 
   the title track from their latest CD (= the song with the same title as the disc)   他们最新光盘中的标题歌曲 
   She has sung the title role in 'Carmen' (= the role of Carmen in that opera ).  她在《卡门》中演唱卡门的角色。 
2. [C] a particular book or magazine  (书刊的)一种,一本:
   The company publishes twenty new titles a year.   这家公司一年出版二十种新书。 
3. [C] a word in front of a person's name to show their rank or profession, whether or not they are married, etc.  (人名前表示地位、职业、婚否等的)称号,头衔,职称,称谓:
   The present duke inherited the title from his father.   现在的公爵承袭的是他父亲的爵位。 
   Give your name and title (= Mr, Miss, Ms, Dr, etc.).  报出你的姓名和称谓。 
⇨ note at name 
4. [C] a name that describes a job  职位名称；职称:
   The official title of the job is 'Administrative Assistant'.   这个职位的正式名称为"行政助理"。 
5. [C] the position of being the winner of a competition, especially a sports competition  (竞赛、体育比赛的)冠军:
   the world heavyweight title   重量级世界拳击冠军 
   She has seven world titles.   她已获得三项世界冠军。 
6. [U, C] ~ (to sth / to do sth) (law 律) the legal right to own sth, especially land or property; the document that shows you have this right  (尤指土地或财产的)所有权,所有权凭证,房地契verb [VN-N]
   [usually passive] to give a book, piece of music, etc. a particular name  (给书籍、乐曲等)加标题,定题目:
   Their first album was titled 'Ocean Drive'.   他们的第一张专辑定名为《海洋行》。 


