————————————
★☆☆   watering hole
'watering hole noun1. = waterhole 
2. (informal, humorous) a bar or place where people go to drink  酒吧；酒馆


————————————
★☆☆   watering place
'watering place noun   (old-fashioned)a town with a natural supply of mineral water where people go for their health  矿泉疗养地
   SYN  spa 


————————————
★☆☆   water jump
'water jump noun   an area of water that horses or runners have to jump over in a race or competition  (障碍赛马或赛跑等中需越过的)水沟障碍


————————————
★☆☆   waterless
water·less / ˈwɔ:tələs; ŋæmə ˈwɔ:tərləs; ˈwɑ:t- / adjective   with no water  无水的；干的:
   a waterless barren region   干旱的荒芜地区 


————————————
★☆☆   water level
'water level noun [U, C]
   the height that the surface of a mass of water rises or falls to, or the height it is at  水准；水位；水平


————————————
★☆☆   water lily
'water lily noun   a plant that floats on the surface of water, with large round flat leaves and white, yellow or pink flowers  睡莲


————————————
★☆☆   waterline
water·line / ˈwɔ:təlain; ŋæmə ˈwɔ:tərl-; ˈwɑ:t- / noun the waterline əsing.] 
   the level that the water reaches along the side of a ship  (船的)吃水线,水线


————————————
★☆☆   waterlogged
water·logged / ˈwɔ:təlɔɡd; ŋæmə ˈwɔ:tərlɔ:ɡd; ˈwɑ:t-; -lɑ:ɡd / adjective1. (of soil, a field, etc. 土壤、田地等) so full of water that it cannot hold any more and becomes flooded  水浸的；水涝的；水淹的:
   They couldn't play because the pitch was waterlogged.   因球场泡水他们未能进行比赛。 
2. (of a boat, etc. 船等) so full of water that it can no longer float  进水满舱的；浸满水下沉的


————————————
★☆☆   Waterloo
Water·loo / ˌwɔ:təˈlu:; ŋæmə ˌwɔ:tərˈlu:; ˈwɑ:t- / noun əsing.]
   sb's ~ a final defeat for sb  最终的失败；毁灭性打击:
   This was the point at which he was to meet his Waterloo.  这就是他最终失败之处。  ORIGIN From the battle of Waterloo in 1815, in which the British (under the Duke of Wellington) and the Prussians finally defeated Napoleon.  源自 1815 年的滑铁卢战役。在那场战役中,英国人(在威灵顿公爵的率领下)和普鲁士人最终打败了拿破仑。


————————————
★☆☆   water main
'water main noun   a large underground pipe that supplies water to buildings, etc.  给水干管；总水管


————————————
★☆☆   watermark
water·mark / ˈwɔ:təmɑ:k; ŋæmə ˈwɔ:tərmɑ:rk; ˈwɑ:t- / noun   a symbol or design in some types of paper, which can be seen when the paper is held against the light  (纸张上的)水印
⇨ see also high-water mark , low-water mark 


————————————
★☆☆   water meadow
'water meadow noun [usually pl.]
   a field near a river that is often flooded  (河边经常让水淹的)浸水草地,草甸


————————————
★☆☆   watermelon
water·melon / ˈwɔ:təmelən; ŋæmə ˈwɔ:tərm-; ˈwɑ:t- / noun əɔ, u]
   a type of large melon with hard, dark green skin, red flesh and black seeds  西瓜


————————————
★☆☆   watermill
water·mill / ˈwɔ:təmil; ŋæmə ˈwɔ:tərm-; ˈwɑ:t- / noun   a mill next to a river in which the machinery for grinding grain into flour is driven by the power of the water turning a wheel  水磨；水力磨粉机


————————————
★☆☆   water moccasin
'water moccasin noun = cottonmouth 


————————————
★☆☆   water pistol
'water pistol (NAmE also 'water gun,'squirt gun) noun   a toy gun that shoots water  玩具喷水手枪


————————————
★☆☆   water polo
'water polo noun [U]
   a game played by ten teams of people swimming in a swimming pool. Players try to throw a ball into the other team's goal.  水球运动


————————————
★☆☆   water power
'water power noun [U]
   power produced by the movement of water, used to drive machinery or produce electricity  水电(利用水发的电)


————————————
★☆☆   waterproof
water·proof / ˈwɔ:təpru:f; ŋæmə ˈwɔ:tərp-; ˈwɑ:t- / adjective   that does not let water through or that cannot be damaged by water  不透水的；防水的；耐水的:
   waterproof clothing   防水衣 
   a waterproof camera   防水照相机 noun [usually pl.]
   a piece of clothing made from material that does not let water through  防水衣物；雨衣:
   You'll need waterproofs (= a waterproof jacket and trousers / pants).   你会用得着雨衣裤的。 verb [VN]
   to make sth waterproof   使不透水；使防水


————————————
★☆☆   water rat
'water rat noun = water vole 


————————————
★☆☆   water-repellent
'water-repellent adjective   a material, etc. that is water-repellent is specially treated so that water runs off it rather than going into it  (材料等经处理后)拒水的,防水的:
   a water-repellent coating   防水涂层 


————————————
★☆☆   water-resistant
'water-resist·ant adjective   that does not let water through easily  有抗水作用的；防水的:
   a water-resistant jacket   防水上衣 


————————————
★☆☆   watershed
water·shed / ˈwɔ:təʃed; ŋæmə ˈwɔ:tərʃed; ˈwɑ:t- / noun1. əɔ] ~ (in sth) an event or a period of time that marks an important change  转折点,分界线,分水岭(标志着重大变化的事件或时期):
   The middle decades of the 19th century marked a watershed in Russia's history.   19 世纪中叶标志着俄国历史的转折点。 
2. [C] a line of high land where streams on six side flow into six river, and streams on the other side flow into a different river  分水线；分水岭；分水界
3. the watershed [sing.] (in Britain) the time before which programmes that are not considered suitable for children may not be shown on television  (英国)儿童不宜节目可在电视上播放的起始时间:
   the 9 o'clock watershed   可开播儿童不宜电视节目的晚上 9 点钟时限 


————————————
★☆☆   waterside
water·side / ˈwɔ:təsaid; ŋæmə ˈwɔ:tərs-; ˈwɑ:t- / noun əsing.]
   the area at the edge of a river, lake, etc.  水边；河边；湖滨；海滨:
   They strolled down to the waterside.   他们漫步向水边走去。 
   a waterside cafe   一家水滨小餐馆 


————————————
★☆☆   waterski
water·ski / ˈwɔ:təski:; ŋæmə ˈwɔ:tərs-; ˈwɑ:t- / verb əʒ]
   to ski on water while being pulled by a fast boat  作水橇滑水
• water·ski·ing noun [U] :
   We snorkelled and did some waterskiing.   我们戴潜水通气管潜泳,并玩了一些水橇运动。 noun   either of the pair of long flat boards on which a person stands in order to waterski   滑水橇


————————————
★☆☆   water softener
'water softener noun [U, C]
   a device or substance that removes particular minerals, especially chalk , from water  硬水软化器；软水剂


————————————
★☆☆   water sports
'water sports noun [pl.]
   sports that are done on or in water, for example sailing and waterskiing   水上运动


————————————
★☆☆   waterspout
water·spout / ˈwɔ:təspaut; ŋæmə ˈwɔ:tərs-; ˈwɑ:t- / noun   a column of water that is pulled up from the sea during a storm by a rapidly spinning column of air  水龙卷；海龙卷


————————————
★☆☆   water strider
'water strider noun (NAmE) = pond skater 


————————————
★☆☆   water supply
'water supply noun [C, U]
   the water provided for a town, an area or a building; the act of or system for supplying water to a town, etc.  给水；供水；给水系统；供水系统:
   a clean / contaminated water supply   洁净的/受污染的水源 
   to improve the water supply to rural villages   改善乡村供水系统 


————————————
★☆☆   water table
'water table noun [usually sing.]
   (technical 术语) the level at and below which water is found in the ground  地下水位


————————————
★☆☆   watertight
water·tight / ˈwɔ:tətait; ŋæmə ˈwɔ:tərt-; ˈwɑ:t- / adjective1. that does not allow water to get in or out  不透水的；防水的；水密的:
   a watertight container   不漏水的容器 
2. (of an excuse, a plan, an argument, etc. 藉口、计划、论点等) carefully prepared so that it contains no mistakes, faults or weaknesses  严密的；无懈可击的；天衣无缝的:
   a watertight alibi   无法驳倒的不在犯罪现场证据 
   The case has to be made watertight.   案由必须做到无懈可击。 


————————————
★☆☆   water tower
'water tower noun   a tall structure with a tank of water at the top from which water is supplied to buildings in the area around it  (自来)水塔


————————————
★☆☆   water vole
'water vole (also 'water rat) noun   an animal like a rat that swims and lives in a hole beside a river or lake  水,水田鼠,水鼠(穴居于溪流、湖泊旁)


————————————
★☆☆   waterway
water·way / ˈwɔ:təwei; ŋæmə ˈwɔ:tərw-; ˈwɑ:t- / noun   a river, canal , etc. along which boats can travel  水路；航道:
   inland waterways   内河航道 
   a navigable waterway   可通航的水路 


————————————
★☆☆   waterwheel
water·wheel / ˈwɔ:təwi:l; ŋæmə ˈwɔ:tərw-; ˈwɑ:t- / noun   a wheel turned by the movement of water, used, especially in the past, to drive machinery  (尤指旧时的)水轮,水车


————————————
★☆☆   water wings
'water wings noun [pl.]
   (old-fashioned) a pair of plastic bags filled with air that children wear on their arms when they learn to swim  (儿童学游泳时套在胳膊上的)双翼式浮水袋


————————————
★☆☆   waterworks
water·works / ˈwɔ:təwə:ks; ŋæmə ˈwɔ:tərwə:rks; ˈwɑ:t- / noun (pl. water·works)
1. əɔ + sing. / pl. v.] a building with machinery for supplying water to an area  自来水厂
2. [pl.] (informal or humorous) the organs of the body through which urine (= waste water) is passed  (人体的)排水系统；泌尿系统
 IDIOMS 
▪ turn on the 'waterworks    (informal, disapproving) to start crying, especially in order to get sympathy or attention  开始哭鼻子(尤指为博得同情或引人注目)


————————————
★☆☆   watery
watery / ˈwɔ:təri; ŋæmə ˈwɑ:t- / adjective1. of or like water; containing a lot of water  水的；似水的；含水的；水分很多的:
   a watery fluid   稀薄的流体 
   His eyes were red and watery.   他两眼发红,泪水汪汪。 
  (literary) She was rescued from a watery grave (= saved from drowning ).  她从龙王爷那里被救了回来。 
2. weak and / or pale  虚弱的；苍白无力的:
   a watery sun   惨淡的太阳 
   His eyes were a watery blue.   他的眼睛是淡蓝色的。 
   a watery smile (= weak and without much feeling)   淡然一笑 
3. (of food, drink, etc. 食物、饮料等) containing too much water; thin and having no taste  水分过多的；稀薄无味的:
   watery soup   稀薄无味的汤 


————————————
★☆☆   Watford
Wat·ford / ˈwɔtfəd; ŋæmə ˈwɑ:tfərd / noun   (ɑrə) a town in Hertfordshire, north of ɚondon, that is considered to mark the northern limit of the area of ɚondon and Sə əngland. ðhe expression north of θatford means the parts of ɑritain outside this area.  沃特福德(赫特福德郡城镇,被视为伦敦地区和英格兰东南部北界限的标志):
   civil servants who seem to think the world ends north of Watford   似乎把沃特福德以北当作天涯海角的公务员 


————————————
★☆☆   watt
watt / wɔt; ŋæmə wɑ:t / noun (abbr. θ)
   a unit for measuring electrical power  瓦,瓦特(电功率单位):
   a 60-watt light bulb   60 瓦的电灯泡 


————————————
★☆☆   wattage
watt·age / ˈwɔtidʒ; ŋæmə ˈwɑ:t- / noun əu]
   (technical 术语) an amount of electrical power expressed in watts   瓦数；瓦特数


————————————
★☆☆   wattle
wat·tle / ˈwɔtl; ŋæmə ˈwɑ:tl / noun1. əu] sticks twisted together as a material for making fences, walls, etc.  编条结构(用于编筑篱笆、围墙等):
   walls made of wattle and daub   泥笆墙 
2. [C] a piece of red skin that hangs down from the throat of a bird such as a turkey   (火鸡等禽类喉部的)红色肉垂


————————————
★☆☆   wave
wave / weiv / nounOʃ θæðəɔ 水 
1. əɔ] a raised line of water that moves across the surface of the sea, ocean, etc.  海浪；波浪；波涛:
   Huge waves were breaking on the shore.  巨浪拍打着海岸。 
   Surfers flocked to the beach to ride the waves.  冲浪者集聚到海滩去冲浪。 
   the gentle sound of waves lapping   波浪轻轻拍打的声音 
   Children were playing in the waves.  孩子们在海浪中嬉戏。 
   Seagulls bobbed on the waves.  海鸥随浪花一起一伏地漂浮在水面。 
   The wind made little waves on the pond.   风吹得池水起了涟漪。 
⇨ see also tidal wave (1) 
OF ACTIVITY / FEELING 活动；感觉 
2. [C] a sudden increase in a particular activity or feeling  汹涌的行动(或思想)态势；心潮；风潮:
   a wave of opposition / protest / violence, etc.   反对、抗议、暴力等的浪潮 
   a crime wave   犯罪潮 
   A wave of fear swept over him.   一阵恐惧传遍他的全身。 
   Guilt and horror flooded her in waves.  歉疚和恐惧一阵阵涌上她的心头。 
   A wave of panic spread through the crowd.   一阵恐慌传遍人群。 
⇨ see also brainwave , heatwave 
LARGE NUMBER 大量 
3. [C] a large number of people or things suddenly moving or appearing somewhere  涌现的人(或事物)；涌动的人(或物):
   Wave after wave of aircraft passed overhead.   一批又一批飞机从上空掠过。 
⇨ see also new wave 
MOVEMENT OF ARM / HAND / BODY 臂/手 / 身体的动作 
4. [C] a movement of your arm and hand from side to side  挥臂；挥手；招手；摆手:
   She declined the offer with a wave of her hand.   她摆了摆手谢绝了这一提议。 
   He gave us  a wave as the bus drove off.  公共汽车开走时他向我们挥了挥手。 
5. the wave [sing.] (NAmE) = Mexican wave 
OF HEAT / SOUND / LIGHT 热；声；光 
6. [C] the form that some types of energy such as heat, sound, light, etc. take as they move  波；波状运动:
   radio / sound / ultrasonic waves   无线电波；声波；超声波 
⇨ see also airwaves , long wave , medium wave , microwave  n. (2), shock wave (1), short wave , sound wave 
IN HAIR 头发 
7. [C] if a person's hair has a wave or waves, it is not straight but curls slightly  拳曲；波纹
⇨ see also permanent wave 
SEA 海洋 
8. the waves [pl.] (literary) the sea  大海
⇨ see also wavy 
 IDIOMS 
▪ make 'waves    (informal) to be very active in a way that makes people notice you, and that may sometimes cause problems  咋咋呼呼；大肆张扬
⇨ more at crest n., ride v. verbMOVE HAND / ARM 挥动手/臂 
1. ~ (at / to sb) | ~ sth (at sb) | ~ sth (about / around) to move your hand or arm from side to side in the air in order to attract attention, say hello, etc.  挥手；招手；摆手；挥臂:
  ▪ [V] 
   The people on the bus waved and we waved back.   公共汽车上的人挥手致意,我们也向他们挥手。 
   Why did you wave at him?   你为什么向他招手？ 
  ▪ [VN] 
   A man in the water was shouting and waving his arms around frantically.   水里有个人大喊大叫,拚命摆动着双臂。 
  ▪ [VNN VN] 
   My mother was crying as I waved her goodbye.  我向母亲挥手告别时她哭了。 
   My mother was crying as I waved goodbye to her.  我向母亲挥手告别时她哭了。 
2. [+adv. / prep.] to show where sth is, show sb where to go, etc. by moving your hand in a particular direction  挥手指引,挥手示意(方向):
  ▪ [V] 
   She waved vaguely in the direction of the house.   她含糊地朝房子的方向挥了挥手。 
  ▪ [VN] 
   'He's over there,' said Ali, waving a hand towards some trees.  "他在那儿。"阿里说着朝几棵树挥了挥手。 
   I showed my pass to the security guard and he waved me through.   我向保安员出示了通行证,他挥手让我通过。 
3. [VN , usually +adv. / prep.] to hold sth in your hand and move it from side to side  挥舞,挥动(手中之物):
   Crowds lined the route, waving flags and cheering.   人群沿路线排成行,挥舞着旗子欢呼。 
   'I'm rich!' she exclaimed, waving the money under his nose.   "我发财了！"她在他的鼻子下面舞动着钞票喊道。 
MOVE FREELY 自由移动 
4. [V] to move freely and gently, for example in the wind, while one end or side is held in position  (一端固定地)飘扬,飘动,摇晃,起伏:
   The flag waved in the breeze.   旗子在微风中飘扬。 
HAIR 头发 
5. [V] to curl slightly  略呈波形；拳曲:
   His hair waves naturally.   他天生一头鬈发。 
6. [VN] to make sb's hair curl slightly  使…略呈波形；烫(发):
   She's had her hair waved.   她烫发了。 
▪ like waving a red flag in front of a 'bull 
(US) = a red rag to a bull at  red adj. 
⇨ more at flag n. 
 PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ ˌwave sth ↔ a'side / a'way 
   to not accept sth because you do not think it is necessary or important  对…置之不理；不理会
   SYN  dismiss :
   My objections to the plan were waved aside.   我对这项计划的反对意见未被理会。 
▪ ˌwave sth / sb ↔ 'down 
   to signal to a vehicle or its driver to stop by waving your hand  对(汽车或司机)挥手示意停下；挥手叫停
▪ ˌwave sb ↔ 'off 
   to wave goodbye to sb as they are leaving  挥手送别


————————————
★☆☆   waveband
wave·band / ˈweivbænd / noun = band  n. (6) :
   a radio set with medium and short wavebands 
   中短波段收音机 


————————————
★☆☆   wave-cut platform
ˌwave-cut 'platform noun   (technical 术语) an area of land between the cliffs and the sea which is covered by water when the sea is at its highest level  浪蚀台, 波蚀台地 (悬崖和海之间的地面,涨潮时被水覆盖)


————————————
★☆☆   wave equation
'wave equation noun   (mathematics 数) an equation that describes the movement of a wave  (描述波浪运动的)波动方程


————————————
★☆☆   wavelength
wave·length / ˈweivleŋθ / noun1. the distance between two similar points on a wave of energy, such as light or sound  波长
2. the size of a radio wave that is used by a particular radio station, etc. for sending signals or broadcasting programmes  (广播电台等占用的)频道,波道
 IDIOMS 
▪ be on the same 'wavelength | be on sb's 'wavelength    (informal) to have the same way of thinking or the same ideas or feelings as sb else  具有相同的思路；合拍；与…所见略同


————————————
★☆☆   wavelet
wave·let / ˈweivlət / noun   (literary)a small wave on the surface of a lake, the sea or the ocean  (湖面或海面的)鳞波,涟漪


————————————
★☆☆   wave machine
'wave machine noun   a machine that makes waves in the water in a swimming pool  (游泳池)造波机


————————————
★☆☆   waver
waver / ˈweivə(r) / verb əʒ] 
1. to be or become weak or unsteady  减弱；动摇；颤抖:
   His voice wavered with emotion.   他激动得嗓音发抖。 
   Her determination never wavered.   她的决心从未动摇过。 
   She never wavered in her determination to succeed.   她要取得成功的决心从未动摇过。 
2. ~ (between A and B) | ~ (on / over sth) to hesitate and be unable to make a decision or choice  踌躇；犹豫不决；举棋不定
   SYN  hesitate :
   She's wavering between buying a house in the city or moving away.   她举棋不定,不知是在这个城市里买所房子,还是迁居他处。 
3. (especially of light 尤指光) to move in an unsteady way  摇曳；闪烁；忽明忽暗
• waver·er / ˈweivərə(r) / noun:
   The strength of his argument convinced the waverers.   他以有力的论据说服了那些摇摆不定的人。 


————————————
★☆☆   wavetable
wave·table / ˈweivteibl / noun   (computing 计) a set of data that represents music or other sounds  波表(描述音乐或其他声音的一组数据)


————————————
★☆☆   wavy
wavy / ˈweivi / adjective   having curves; not straight  起伏不平的；波浪形的；拳曲的:
   brown wavy hair   棕色鬈发 
   a pattern of wavy lines   波浪形线条图案 


————————————
★☆☆   wax
wax / wæks / noun əu] 
1. a solid substance that is made from beeswax or from various fats and oils and used for making candles , polish, models, etc. ɪt becomes soft when it is heated.  蜡；蜂蜡；动物蜡；植物蜡；石蜡:
   styling wax for the hair   定型发蜡 
   floor wax   地板蜡 
   wax crayons   蜡笔 
   wax polish   上光蜡 
⇨ see also paraffin wax , sealing wax 
2. a soft sticky yellowish substance that is found in your ears  耳垢；耳屎
 IDIOMS 
⇨ more at ball n. verb1. [VN] to polish sth with wax   给…打蜡
2. [VN] [usually passive] to cover sth with wax   给…上蜡；给…涂蜡:
   waxed paper   蜡纸 
   a waxed jacket   上过蜡的皮夹克 
3. [VN] [often passive] to remove hair from a part of the body using wax   用蜡除去…上的毛:
   to wax your legs / to have your legs waxed   用蜡除去你腿上的毛 
4. [V] (of the moon 月亮) to seem to get gradually bigger until its full form is visible  渐圆；渐满
   OPP wane 
5. [V-ADJ] ~ lyrical, eloquent, sentimental, etc. (formal) to become lyrical , etc. when speaking or writing  说话变得(热情、雄辩、伤感等)起来:
   He waxed lyrical on the food at the new restaurant.   他对这家新餐馆的菜肴越说越来劲。 
▪ ˌwax and 'wane    (literary) to increase then decrease in strength, importance, etc. over a period of time  (力量、重要性等)兴衰枯荣,盛衰；阴晴圆缺


————————————
★☆☆   wax bean
'wax bean noun   (NAmE) a type of bean that is a long thin yellow pod , cooked and eaten whole as a vegetable  黄荚种菜豆；黄刀豆；蜡豆


————————————
★☆☆   waxed paper
'waxed paper (NAmE also 'wax paper) noun [U]
   paper covered with a thin layer of wax , used to wrap food or when cooking  (包装食品或烹饪用的)蜡纸


————————————
★☆☆   waxen
waxen / ˈwæksn / adjective1. (formal) made of wax   蜡的；蜡制的；涂蜡的:
   waxen images   蜡像 
2. (literary) pale and looking ill / sick  苍白的；病态的:
   a waxen face   苍白的脸 


————————————
★☆☆   wax paper
'wax paper noun (NAmE) = greaseproof paper , waxed paper 


————————————
★☆☆   waxwork
wax·work / ˈwækswə:k; ŋæmə -wə:rk / noun1. a model of a person that is made of wax   蜡像；蜡人
2. wax·works (pl. wax·works) (especially BrE) (NAmE usually 'wax museum) a museum where you can see wax models of famous people  蜡像馆


————————————
★☆☆   waxy
waxy / ˈwæksi / adjective   made of wax ; looking or feeling like wax   蜡制的；似蜡的；质地光滑的


————————————
★☆☆   way
way / wei / nounMəðHOD / SðYɚə 方法；方式 
1. əɔ] ~ (to do sth) | ~ (of doing sth) a method, style or manner of doing sth  方法；手段；途径；方式:
   That's not the right way to hold a pair of scissors.  那样拿剪子不对。 
   I'm not happy with this way of working.   我不喜欢这种工作方法。 
   I hate the way she always criticizes me.  我讨厌她一贯批评我的方式。 
   I told you we should have done it my way !  我跟你说过我们原本应该用我的方法来做这事。 
   Infectious diseases can be acquired in several ways.   传染病的感染途径有几种。 
   I generally get what I want six way or another (= by some means).  我一般总能想方设法得到我想要的东西。 
  (informal, disapproving) That's no way to speak to your mother!  不能那样跟你妈妈说话！ 
   It's not what you say, it's the way that you say it.  问题不在于你说什么,而在于你怎么说。 
⇨ see also third way 
BEHAVIOUR 行为 
2. [C] a particular manner or style of behaviour  作风；风度；样子:
   They grinned at her in a friendly  way.  他们友好地对她咧嘴笑了笑。 
   It was not his way to admit that he had made a mistake.  承认自己犯了错误可不是他一贯的作风。 
   Don't worry, if she seems quiet— it's just her way.  如果她看上去不爱说话,别担心,她就是这么个人。 
   He was showing off, as is the way with adolescent boys.  他在炫耀,青春期的男孩都是这个样子。 
3. ways [pl.] the typical way of behaving and living of a particular group of people  (群体的)行为方式,生活方式,习俗:
   After two years I'm used to the strange British ways.   十年之后,我习惯了英国人的奇异习俗。 
ROUTE / ROAD 路线；道路 
4. [C, usually sing.] ~ (from...) (to...) a route or road that you take in order to reach a place  路线；路；道路:
   the best / quickest / shortest way from A to B  从甲地到乙地最好的/最快的/最近的路线 
   Can you tell me the way to Leicester Square?  你能告诉我去莱斯特广场的路吗？ 
   to ask sb the way   向某人问路 
   We went the long way round.  我们绕了一个大圈子。 
5. [C, usually sing.] the route along which sb / sth is moving; the route that sb / sth would take if there was nothing stopping them / it  行进路线；通路:
   Get out of my way! I'm in a hurry.  让开！我有急事。 
   Riot police with shields were blocking the demonstrators' way.   手持盾牌的防暴警察堵住了示威者的路。 
   We fought our way through the dense vegetation.   我们在茂密的植被中开出一条通路。 
   Unfortunately they ran into a snowstorm along the way.   他们不幸在途中遇上了暴风雪。 
⇨ see also right of way 
6. [C] a road, path or street for travelling along  路；小径；街道:
   There's a way across the fields.   有一条路穿过田地。 
⇨ see also freeway , highway , motorway , railway (1), waterway 
7. Way used in the names of streets  (用于街道名称)路,道:
   106 Headley Way   黑德利路 106 号 
DIRECTION 方向 
8. [C, usually sing.] which, this, that, etc. ~ a particular direction; in a particular direction  某方向；往某方向:
   Which way did they go?   他们往哪边去了？ 
   We just missed a car coming the other way.  我们刚错过一辆从那边开过来的汽车。 
   Look both ways (= look left and right) before crossing the road.  横过马路前要朝左右两边看一看。 
   Make sure that sign's the right way up.  一定不要把这招牌挂颠倒了。 
   Kids were running this way and that (= in all directions).  孩子们四处奔跑。 
   They decided to split the money five ways (= between five different people).  他们决定把钱分成四份。 
  (figurative) Which way (= for which party) are you going to vote?  你打算投哪边的票？ 
⇨ see also each way , one-way , three-way , two-way 
FOR ENTERING / LEAVING 进入；离去 
9. [C, usually sing.] a means of going into or leaving a place, such as a door or gate  出入通道；门口:
   the way in / out   入/出口 
   They escaped out the back way.   他们从后门逃走了。 
⇨ see also companionway 
DISTANCE / TIME 距离；时间 
10. [sing.] (also NAmE informal ways) a distance or period of time between ten points  (两点之间的)距离,时间段:
   A little way up on the left is the Museum of Modern Art.   前面不远左手边就是现代艺术博物馆。 
   September was a long way off.  那时离九月份还有很长一段时间。 
  (figurative) The area's wine industry still has a way to go to full maturity.  这个地区的酿酒业还远远没有完全成熟。 
   You came all this way to see us?  你大老远地跑来看我们？ (NAmE, informal) 
   We still have a ways to go.  我们还有很大的差距。 
AREA 地区 
11. [sing.] (informal) an area, a part of a country, etc.  地区；地带:
   I think he lives somewhere over London  way.  我想他住在伦敦附近。 
   I'll stop by and see you next time I'm down your way.  下次我去你那一带时会顺道去看你的。 
ASPECT 方面 
12. [C] a particular aspect of sth  方面
   SYN  respect :
   I have changed in every way.   我已经完完全全变了。 
   It's been quite a day, six way and another (= for several reasons).  从几方面看,这是不寻常的一天。 
CONDITION / STATE 情况；状态 
13. [sing.] a particular condition or state  情况；状态:
   The economy's in a bad way.  经济状况很糟。 
   I don't know how we're going to manage, the way things are.  按目前这样的情况,我不知道我们要如何应付。 
 IDIOMS 
▪ across the 'way 
(BrE also over the 'way) 
   on the other side of the street, etc.  在街对面；在…对面:
   Music blared from the open window of the house across the way.   从街对面那栋房子开着的窗户里传出嘈杂的音乐声。 
▪ ˌall the 'way 
1. (also the ˌwhole 'way) during the whole journey / period of time  一路上；自始至终:
   She didn't speak a word to me all the way back home.   回家的一路上,她没对我说过一句话。 
2. completely; as much as it takes to achieve what you want  完全地；无保留地:
   I'm fighting him all the way.   我在全力和他对抗。 
   You can feel that the audience is with her all the way.   你可以感觉到听众完全支持她。 
▪ (that's / it's) always the 'way 
   (informal) used to say that things often happen in a particular way, especially when it is not convenient  (表示经常如此,尤用于贬义)总是这样,老是
▪ any way you 'slice it 
(NAmE, informal) 
   however you choose to look at a situation  无论你如何看待
▪ 'be / be 'born / be 'made that way 
(of a person 人) 
   to behave or do things in a particular manner because it is part of your character  天性如此；生下就这样:
   It's not his fault he's so pompous—he was born that way.   他如此自命不凡并不是他的错,他天生就是这种性格。 
▪ be ˌset in your 'ways 
   to have habits or opinions that you have had for a long time and that you do not want to change  积习难改；秉性难移；执拗
▪ by the 'way 
   (informal) used to introduce a comment or question that is not directly related to what you have been talking about  顺便提一下；捎带说一声；附带问一句:
   By the way, I found that book you were looking for.   顺便提一下,我找到了你在寻找的那本书。 
   What's the time, by the way?   顺便问一句,几点钟了？ 
   Oh by the way, if you see Jackie, tell her I'll call her this evening.   啊,对了,你要是看到杰基,告诉她我今晚给她打电话。 
▪ by way of sth 
   by a route that includes the place mentioned  路经；经过；经由
   SYN  via :
   The artist recently arrived in Paris from Bulgaria by way of Vienna.   这位艺术家最近从保加利亚途经维也纳到了巴黎。 
   She came to TV by way of drama school.   她是念过戏剧学校后到电视台的。 
▪ by way of / in the way of sth 
   as a form of sth; for sth; as a means of sth  作为…的形式；为了；作为…的手段:
   He received £600 by way of compensation from the company.   他得到那家公司 600 英镑的赔偿。 
   She rolled her eyes by way of an answer and left.   她转动了一下眼睛作为回答就走了。 
▪ come your 'way 
   to happen to you by chance, or when you were not expecting it  意外落在…头上；偶尔发生在…身上:
   He took whatever came his way.   无论什么事落到他的头上,他都认了。 
▪ cut both / ten 'ways 
(of an action, argument, etc. 行动、论点等) 
   to have ten opposite effects or results  两面都行得通(或说得通)；有利也有弊
▪ either way | one way or the other 
   used to say that it does not matter which six of ten possibilities happens, is chosen or is true  两者都一样:
   Was it his fault or not? Either way, an explanation is due.   是他的错不是？无论是不是,都得有个解释。 
   We could meet today or tomorrow—I don't mind six way or the other.   我们可以在今天或明天见面,哪一天对我都行。 
▪ every 'which way    (informal) in all directions  四面八方；向各处:
   Her hair tumbled every which way.   她的头发乱得像鸡窝。 
▪ get into / out of the way of (doing) sth 
   to become used to doing sth / to lose the habit of doing sth  养成(或丢掉)…的习惯:
   The women had got into the way of going up on the deck every evening.   这些女人养成了每天晚上到平台去的习惯。 
▪ get in the way of 
   to prevent sb from doing sth; to prevent sth from happening  挡…的路；妨碍:
   He wouldn't allow emotions to get in the way of him doing his job.   他不会让感情妨碍自己的工作。 
▪ get / have your own 'way 
   to get or do what you want, especially when sb has tried to stop you  一意孤行；为所欲为:
   She always gets her own way in the end.   她最后总是一意孤行。 
▪ give 'way 
   to break or fall down  断裂；倒塌；塌陷:
   The pillars gave way and a section of the roof collapsed.   这些立柱坍塌了,一部份屋顶坠落下来。 
   Her numb leg gave way beneath her and she stumbled clumsily.   她那麻木了的腿一软,她便重重地摔了一跤。 
▪ give 'way (to sb / sth) 
1. to stop resisting sb / sth; to agree to do sth that you do not want to do  屈服；退让；让步:
   He refused to give way on any of the points.   他拒绝在任何一点上让步。 
2. (BrE) to allow sb / sth to be or go first  让…在先；让…先行:
   Give way to traffic already on the roundabout.   让已上环状交叉路的车辆先行。 
▪ give way to sth 
1. to allow yourself to be very strongly affected by sth, especially an emotion  让自己陷于(某种情绪等):
   Flinging herself on the bed, she gave way to helpless misery.   她一头扑倒在床上,痛苦不堪。 
2. to be replaced by sth  被…代替:
   The storm gave way to bright sunshine.   暴风雨过后阳光灿烂。 
▪ go all the 'way (with sb)    (informal) to have full sexual intercourse with sb  (与某人)尽情地性交
▪ go a long / some way towards doing sth 
   to help very much / a little in achieving sth  (对做某事)帮助很大/不大,作用很大/不大:
   The new law goes a long way towards solving the problem.   新的法律十分有助于解决这一问题。 
▪ go out of your 'way (to do sth) 
   to make a special effort to do sth  特地；格外努力:
   He would always go out of his way to be friendly towards her.   他总是特意向她表示友好。 
▪ go your own 'way 
   to do as you choose, especially when sb has advised you against it  一意孤行；我行我素:
   It's best to let her go her own way if you don't want a fight.   你要不想吵架的话,最好是随她去好了。 
▪ go sb's way 
1. to travel in the same direction as sb  与…同路:
   I'm going your way—I'll walk with you.   咱们同路,我和你一起走。 
2. (of events 事情) to go well for you; to be in your favour  进行顺利；对…有利:
   By the third round he knew the fight was going his way.   拳击打到第三轮,他知道形势对自己很有利。 
▪ go the way of all 'flesh    (saying) to die  长逝；走向人生终点
▪ have it your 'own way! 
   (informal) used to say in an angry way that although you are not happy about sth that sb has said, you are not going to argue  随你的便好了:
   Oh OK, then. Have it your own way.   啊,好啦。随你的便吧。 
▪ have it / things / everything your 'own way 
   to have what you want, especially by opposing other people  为所欲为；一意孤行
▪ have a way of doing sth 
   used to say that sth often happens in a particular way, especially when it is out of your control  …是常有的事(尤指无法控制的事):
   First love affairs have a way of not working out.   第一次恋爱常常不成功。 
▪ have a way with sb / sth 
   to be good at dealing with sb / sth  善于应付；善于处理；有办法对付:
   He has a way with small children.   他很会逗小孩。 
   She has a way with words (= is very good at expressing herself).  她善于辞令。 
▪ have / want it 'both ways 
   to have or want to have the advantages of ten different situations or ways of behaving that are impossible to combine  (想)两全其美:
   You can't have it both ways. If you can afford to go out all the time, you can afford to pay off some of your debts.   你不可能做到两全其美。如果你有钱整天外出玩乐,就能还掉一部份债。 
▪ have your (wicked) way with sb    (old-fashioned, humorous) to persuade sb to have sex with you  与…勾搭成奸
▪ in a big / small way 
   on a large / small scale  大/小规模地:
   The new delivery service has taken off in a big way.   新的递送服务迅速走红。 
   Many people are investing in a small way in the stock market.   许多人都在小量地向证券市场投资。 
▪ in ˌmore ways than 'one 
   used to show that a statement has more than six meaning  (所说的话)不止一个意思；在很多方面:
   With the first goal he used his head in more ways than one.   他进第一个球时从多方面动了脑筋。 
▪ in her, his, its, etc. (own) 'way 
   in a manner that is appropriate to or typical of a person or thing but that may seem unusual to other people  以…的特有方式:
   I expect she does love you in her own way.   我想她的确是以她特有的方式爱你。 
▪ in a 'way | in 'one way | in 'some ways 
   to some extent; not completely  在某种程度上；不完全地:
   In a way it was six of our biggest mistakes.   从某种意义上来说,这是我们所犯的最大错误之一。 
▪ in the / sb's 'way 
   stopping sb from moving or doing sth  妨碍；挡着…的路:
   You'll have to move—you're in my way.   你得挪一挪,你挡了我的路。 
   I left them alone, as I felt I was in the way.   我让他们单独在一起,因为我觉得我碍他们的事。 
▪ in the way of sth 
   used in questions and negative sentences to talk about the types of sth that are available  (用于问句或否定句)关于,就…而言:
   There isn't much in the way of entertainment in this place.   这个地方没有多少娱乐活动。 
▪ keep / stay out of sb's 'way 
   to avoid sb  规避；避开；躲开
▪ look the other 'way 
   to deliberately avoid seeing sb / sth  故意避而不看:
   Prison officers know what's going on, but look the other way.   狱警知道出了什么事,但扭过头去装作没看见。 
▪ lose your 'way 
1. to become lost  迷失方向；迷路:
   We lost our way in the dark.   我们在黑暗中迷了路。 
2. to forget or move away from the purpose or reason for sth  忘记宗旨；背离…的意图:
   I feel that the project has lost its way.   我觉得这个项目已经背离了原来的意图。 
▪ make your 'way (to / towards sth) 
   to move or get somewhere; to make progress  去；前往；到…地方去；前进:
   Will you be able to make your own way to the airport (= get there without help, a ride, etc.) ?  你能自己去机场吗？ 
   Is this your plan for making your way in the world ?  这就是你要获得成功的计划吗？ 
▪ make 'way (for sb / sth) 
   to allow sb / sth to pass; to allow sb / sth to take the place of sb / sth  让…通过；给…让路；让出位置:
   Make way for the Lord Mayor!   给市长大人让路！ 
   Tropical forest is felled to make way for grassland.   热带森林被砍伐,腾出地方做草地。 
▪ ˌmy way or the 'highway 
   (ŋæmə, informal) used to say that sb else has either to agree with your opinion or to leave  要么听我的,要么走人
▪ (there are) no ten ways a'bout it 
   (saying) used to show that you are certain about sth  肯定无疑；别无他途:
   It was the wrong decision—there are no ten ways about it.   这是错误的决定,毫无疑问。 
▪ (there is) ˌno 'way 
   (informal) used to say that there is no possibility that you will do sth or that sth will happen  不可能；决不；不行；没门儿:
   'Do you want to help?' 'No way!'   "你想帮忙吗？" "决不！" 
   No way am I going to drive them there.   我无论如何都不会开车把他们送到那里去。 
   There's no way we could afford that sort of money.   我们无论如何都花不起那种钱。 
▪ on your / the / its 'way 
1. going or coming  即将去(或来)；就要去(或来):
   I'd better be on my way (= I must leave) soon.  我最好还是快点儿走。 
   The letter should be on its way to you.   那封信该快到你那里了。 
2. during the journey  在路上；在行进中:
   He stopped for breakfast on the way.   他中途停下吃早点。 
   She grabbed her camera and bag on her way out.   她出门时一把抓起照相机和提包。 
3. (of a baby 婴儿) not yet born  尚未出生的:
   They've got seven kids and six on the way.   他们有三个孩子,还有一个尚未出生。 
▪ the ˌother way 'round 
1. in the opposite position, direction or order  颠倒过来；相反；反过来:
   I think it should go on the other way round.   我想这应该以相反的方式继续下去。 
2. the opposite situation  相反的情况:
   I didn't leave you. It was the other way round (= you left me).  我没有离开你。是你离开了我。 
▪ ˌout of the 'way 
1. no longer stopping sb from moving or doing sth  不再挡路；不再碍事:
   I moved my legs out of the way so that she could get past.   我挪开腿让她过去。 
   I didn't say anything until Dad was out of the way.   我到老爹不再阻拦时才说话。 
2. finished; dealt with  结束；处理完:
   Our region is poised for growth once the election is out of the way.   大选一结束,我们地区就准备发展。 
3. used in negative sentences to mean 'unusual'  (用于否定句)奇特的,不寻常的,罕见的:
   She had obviously noticed nothing out of the way.   她显然没发现异常情况。 
⇨ see also out-of-the-way 
▪ ˌout of your 'way 
   not on the route that you planned to take  不在计划走的路线上:
   I'd love a ride home—if it's not out of your way.   我很想搭你的车回家,如果这不叫你绕路的话。 
▪ see your 'way ('clear) to doing sth / to do sth 
   to find that it is possible or convenient to do sth  觉得有可能做某事；认为便于做某事:
   Small builders cannot see their way clear to take on many trainees.   小建筑商认为不可能招收很多见习生。 
▪ see which way the 'wind is blowing 
   to get an idea of what is likely to happen before doing sth  看看风向；观察势头；摸清可能发生的情况
▪ (not) stand in sb's 'way 
   to (not) prevent sb from doing sth  (不)妨碍别人:
   If you believe you can make her happy, I won't stand in your way.   如果你相信你能使她幸福,我不会妨碍你的。 
▪ that's the way the cookie 'crumbles    (informal) that is the situation and we cannot change it, so we must accept it  情况就是这样；没有别的办法
▪ there's more than ˌone way to skin a 'cat    (saying, humorous) there are many different ways to achieve sth  (要做成某事)方法不止一个,有的是办法
▪ to 'my way of thinking 
   in my opinion  我认为；依我看；依我之见
▪ under 'way 
(also under·way) 
   having started  已经开始；在进行中:
   Preparations are well under way for a week of special events in May.   五月份特别活动周的准备工作已经顺利开展。 
⇨ note at start 
▪ a / the / sb's way of 'life 
   the typical pattern of behaviour of a person or group  (个人或群体的)特有的行为模式,典型生活方式:
   the American way of life   美国人的生活方式 
▪ the ˌway of the 'world 
   the way that most people behave; the way that things happen, which you cannot change  大多数人的行为模式；世道；事情发生的规律:
   The rich and powerful make the decisions—that's the way of the world.   有钱有势者说了算,这就是世道。 
▪ ˌways and 'means 
   the methods and materials available for doing sth  (做某事现有的)方法和资源,手段和财力:
   ways and means of raising money   筹资办法 
▪ a way 'into sth 
(also a way 'in to sth) 
   something that allows you to join a group of people, an industry, etc. that it is difficult to join, or to understand sth that it is difficult to understand  (加入难以进入的群体、行业等的)敲门砖；(弄懂难以理解事物的)窍门,诀窍
▪ the way to sb's 'heart 
   the way to make sb like or love you  赢得某人喜爱的办法；攻心策:
   The way to a man's heart is through his stomach (= by giving him good food).  取得男人欢心的方法就是让他吃好。 
▪ way to 'go! 
   (NAmE, informal) used to tell sb that you are pleased about sth they have done  干得好:
   Good work, guys! Way to go!   伙计们,活儿不错！干得好！ 
▪ ˌwork your 'way through college, round the world, etc. 
   to have a job or series of jobs while studying, travelling, etc. in order to pay for your education, etc.  勤工俭学；半工半读；边挣钱边周游世界
▪ ˌwork your way 'through sth 
   to do sth from beginning to end, especially when it takes a lot of time or effort  自始至终做(尤指耗费时间或力量的事):
   She worked her way through the pile of documents.   她从头至尾处理了那一堆文件。 
▪ ˌwork your way 'up 
   to move regularly to a more senior position in a company  逐步升职；按部就班晋升:
   He worked his way up from messenger boy to account executive.   他从送信员一步一步晋升为客户经理。 
⇨ more at change v., claw v., clear v., downhill  adj. 
⇨ more at easy adj., error , family n., far adv., feel v., find v., hard adj., harm n., head n., know v., laugh v., lie ² v. 
⇨ more at long adj., mend v., middle adj., open v., ordinary , parting n., pave , pay v., pick v., rub v., separate adj., shape n., show v., smooth v., sweet adj., swing v., talk v., well adv., will n., wrong adj. adverb   (used with a preposition or an adverb 与介词或副词连用) very far; by a large amount  很远；大量:
   She finished the race way ahead of the other runners.  她遥遥领先于其他选手跑到终点。 
   I must be going home; it's way past my bedtime.  我得回家了,早过了我的就寝时间了。 
   The price is way above what we can afford.  这价格大大超过了我们的支付能力。 
   They live way out in the suburbs.  他们住在很偏远的郊区。 
   This skirt is way (= a lot) too short.  这条裙子太短了。 
   I guessed that there would be a hundred people there, but I was way out (= wrong by a large amount).   我估计那里会有一百人,但是我大错特错了。 
▪ 'way back (in...) 
   a long time ago  很久以前:
   I first met him way back in the 80s.   我和他初次见面早在 1980 年代。 


————————————
★☆☆   wayfarer
way·farer / ˈweifeərə(r); ŋæmə -fer- / noun   (old-fashioned or literary)a person who travels from one place to another, usually on foot  (徒步)旅行者


————————————
★☆☆   waylay
way·lay / weiˈlei / verb (way·laid, way·laid / -ˈleid / ) 
   əʒŋ] to stop sb who is going somewhere, especially in order to talk to them or attack them  拦截(尤其是为了谈话或袭击)；拦路:
   I got waylaid on my way here.   我在来这里的路上遭到了拦路抢劫。 


————————————
★☆☆   waymark
way·mark / ˈweimɑ:k; ŋæmə -mɑ:rk / noun   (ɑrə) a mark or sign on a route in the countryside to show the way to people who are walking, etc.  (乡间步道等的)路标:
   Turn right where you see a waymark arrow.   看到箭头路标就向右转。 
• way·marked / -mɑ:kt; ŋæmə -mɑ:rkt / adj.:
   waymarked routes   有路标的路线 


————————————
★☆☆   way out
ˌway 'out noun1. (BrE) a door used for leaving a building  (建筑物的)出口 
   SYN exit 
2. a way of escaping from a difficult situation  (困境的)出路:
   She was in a mess and could see no way out.   她陷入困境,找不到出路。 
 IDIOMS 
▪ on the way 'out 
1. as you are leaving  在离开的途中
2. going out of fashion  开始过时


————————————
★☆☆   way-out
ˌway-'out adjective   (old-fashioned, informal)unusual or strange  稀奇的；非传统的；前衞的
   SYN  weird :
   way-out ideas   离奇的想法 


————————————
★☆☆   waypoint
way·point / ˈweipɔint / noun1. a place where you stop during a journey  (旅途中的)停留处
2. (technical 术语) the coordinates , checked by a computer, of each stage of a flight or journey by sea  航路点(飞行或航海每一阶段的坐标点)


————————————
★☆☆   -ways
-ways suffix   (in adjectives and adverbs 构成形容词和副词) in the direction of  在…方向(的)；朝…方向(的):
   lengthways   纵向的 
   sideways   向一侧的 


————————————
★☆☆   Ways and Means Committee
the ˌθays and 'Means ɔommittee noun [sing. + sing. / pl. v.]
   a group of members of the US House of Representatives which makes suggestions about laws concerning tax and trade in order to provide money for the US government  美国众议院筹款委员会, 美国众议院岁入委员会 (就税收和贸易法规提出建议以便为政府提供资金)


————————————
★☆☆   wayside
way·side / ˈweisaid / noun əsing.]
   the area at the side of a road or path  路边；路旁:
   a wayside inn   路边的客店 
   wild flowers growing by the wayside   路旁长的野花 
 IDIOMS 
▪ fall by the 'wayside 
   to fail or be unable to make progress  半途而废；中辍


————————————
★☆☆   way station
'way station noun   (especially NAmE) a place where people stop to eat or rest during a long journey  (长途旅行中的)小站,小饭馆


————————————
★☆☆   wayward
way·ward / ˈweiwəd; ŋæmə -wərd / adjective   (formal)difficult to control  难以控制的；任性的；倔强的
   SYN  headstrong :
   a wayward child   任性的孩子 
   wayward emotions   反覆无常的情绪 
• way·ward·ness noun [U] 


————————————
★☆☆   wazir
wazir / wəˈziə(r); ŋæmə -ˈzir / noun = vizier 


————————————
★☆☆   wazoo
wazoo / wæˈzu: / noun   (uS, slang) a person's bottom (the part they sit on) or anus   屁股；屁眼
 IDIOMS 
▪ ˌout / ˌup the wa'zoo 
   in large numbers or amounts  数目很大；大量


————————————
★☆☆   Wb
Wb abbreviation weber 


————————————
★☆☆   WC
WC / ˌdʌblju: ˈsi: / noun   (ɑrə) (on signs and doors in public places) toilet (abbreviation for 'water closet')  盥洗室,厕所(全写为 water closet,见于公共场所的指示牌和门上)


————————————
★☆☆   we
we / wi; strong form wi: / pronoun  (used as the subject of a verb 用作动词的主语) 
1. ɪ and another person or other people; ɪ and you  我们；咱们:
   We've moved to Atlanta.   我们已经搬到亚特兰大了。 
   We'd (= the company would) like to offer you the job.  我们公司想聘你做这一工作。 
   Why don't we go and see it together?   咱们为什么不一起去看看呢？ 
2. people in general  人们:
   We should take more care of our historic buildings.   我们应该更加爱护有历史意义的建筑。 
⇨ see also royal 'we' 


————————————
★☆☆   weak
weak / wi:k / adjective (weaker, weakest)
ŋOð PHYSɪɔæɚɚY SðɔOŋG 身体虚弱 
1. not physically strong  虚弱的；无力的:
   She is still weak after her illness.   她病后仍然虚弱。 
   His legs felt weak.   他觉得两腿发软。 
   She suffered from a weak heart.   她心脏不太好。 
LIKELY TO BREAK 易破 
2. that cannot support a lot of weight; likely to break  不牢固的；易损坏的；易破的:
   That bridge is too weak for heavy traffic.   那座桥不太牢固,承受不住过多的车辆。 
WITHOUT POWER 没有能力 
3. easy to influence; not having much power  易受影响的；懦弱的；软弱无力的:
   a weak and cowardly man   一个懦弱胆怯的男子 
   In a weak moment (= when I was easily persuaded) I said she could borrow the car.  我一时心软,同意她借用汽车。 
   a weak leader   软弱的领导人 
   The unions have always been weak in this industry.   在这个行业,工会一直没有权威。 
POOR / SICK PEOPLE 穷/病人 
4. the weak noun [pl.] people who are poor, sick or without power  穷人；病人；弱者
CURRENCY / ECONOMY 货币；经济 
5. not financially strong or successful  疲软的；萧条的:
   a weak currency   疲软的货币 
   The economy is very weak.   经济十分萧条。 
NOT GOOD AT STH 不善于 
6. ~ (in sth) not good at sth  不善于；不擅长；(能力)弱的:
   a weak team   弱队 
   I was always weak in the science subjects.   我总是学不好理科。 
NOT CONVINCING 欠缺说服力 
7. that people are not likely to believe or be persuaded by  不能令人信服的；不能说服人的
   SYN  unconvincing :
   weak arguments   无说服力的论据 
   I enjoyed the movie but I thought the ending was very weak.   我喜欢这部电影,但是觉得结尾很牵强。 
HARD TO SEE / HEAR 难以看见/听到 
8. not easily seen or heard  微弱的；隐约的:
   a weak light / signal / sound   微弱的光线/信号/声音 
WITHOUT ENTHUSIASM 缺乏热情 
9. done without enthusiasm or energy  淡漠的；无活力的；无生气的:
   a weak smile   淡淡的微笑 
   He made a weak attempt to look cheerful.   他有气无力地摆出高兴的样子。 
LIQUID 液体 
10. a weak liquid contains a lot of water  稀的；稀薄的；稀释的:
   weak tea   淡茶 
POINT / SPOT 点；处 
11. ~ point / spot the part of a person's character, an argument, etc. that is easy to attack or criticize  弱点；缺点；不足之处:
   The team's weak points are in defence.   这个队的弱点在防守。 
   He knew her weak spot where Steve was concerned.   他了解她在与史蒂夫有关事情方面的缺点。 
GRAMMAR 语法 
12. a weak verb forms the past tense and past participle by adding a regular ending and not by changing a vowel. In English this is done by adding -d, -ed or -t (for example walk, walked).  (动词)规则的,弱(变化)的
PHONETICS 语音学 
13. (of the pronunciation of some words 某些单词的发音) used when there is no stress on the word. For example, the weak form of and is / En / or / n / , as in bread and butter / 7bred n 5bQtE(r) / .  轻读的；非重读的
   OPP strong 
 IDIOMS 
▪ ˌweak at the 'knees    (informal) hardly able to stand because of emotion, fear, illness, etc.  (因激动、恐惧、疾病等)两腿发软:
   His sudden smile made her go weak at the knees.   他突然笑了笑使得她两膝发软。 
▪ the weak link (in the 'chain) 
   the point at which a system or an organization is most likely to fail  薄弱环节


————————————
★☆☆   weaken
weak·en / ˈwi:kən / verb1. to make sb / sth less strong or powerful; to become less strong or powerful  (使)虚弱,衰弱；减弱；削弱:
  ▪ [VN] 
   The team has been weakened by injury.   这个队因伤实力减弱。 
   The new evidence weakens the case against her.   新的证据减轻了对她的诉讼。 
  ▪ [V] 
   His authority is steadily weakening.   他的权威日趋减弱。 
   OPP strengthen 
2. to make sb less physically strong; to become less physically strong  (使)虚弱,衰弱:
  ▪ [VN] 
   The explosion had weakened the building's foundations.   爆炸松动了这座楼房的地基。 
  ▪ [V] 
   She felt her legs weaken.   她觉得两腿无力。 
3. to become or make sb become less determined or certain about sth  使(肯定程度)减弱；动摇；犹豫:
  ▪ [VN] 
   Nothing could weaken his resolve to continue.   什么也不能削弱他继续下去的决心。 
  ▪ [V] 
   You must not agree to do it. Don't weaken.   你们一定不能同意做这件事。别心软。 


————————————
★☆☆   weak force
'weak force noun   (technical 术语) one of the four fundamental forces in the universe, which is produced between particles in an atom  弱力(宇宙四种基本力之一,产生于原子中的粒子之间)
⇨ see also electromagnetism , gravity (1), strong force 


————————————
★☆☆   weak-kneed
ˌweak-'kneed adjective   (informal)lacking courage or strength  缺乏勇气的；意志薄弱的；不坚决的


————————————
★☆☆   weakling
weak·ling / ˈwi:kliŋ / noun   (disapproving)a person who is not physically strong  瘦弱的人；弱不禁风的人


————————————
★☆☆   weakly
weak·ly / ˈwi:kli / adverb   in a weak way  虚弱地；软弱无力地；懦弱地；冷淡地:
   She smiled weakly at them.  她勉强朝他们笑笑。 
   'I'm not sure about it,' he said weakly.   "这我说不准。"他支吾说。 


————————————
★☆☆   weakness
weak·ness / ˈwi:knəs / noun1. əu] lack of strength, power or determination  软弱；虚弱；疲软；衰弱；懦弱:
   The sudden weakness in her legs made her stumble.   她突然两腿发软踉跄了一下。 
   the weakness of the dollar against the pound   美元对英镑的疲软 
   He thought that crying was a sign of weakness.  他认为哭是懦弱的表现。 
   OPP strength 
2. [C] a weak point in a system, sb's character, etc.  (系统、性格等的)弱点,缺点,不足:
   It's important to know your own strengths and weaknesses.  了解自己的优缺点很重要。 
   Can you spot the weakness in her argument?   你能指出她论点中的不足之处吗？ 
   SYN  strength 
3. [C, usually sing.] ~ (for sth / sb) difficulty in resisting sth / sb that you like very much  (对人或事物的)迷恋,无法抗拒:
   He has a weakness for chocolate.   他爱吃巧克力。 


————————————
★☆☆   weal
weal / wi:l / noun   a sore red mark on sb's skin where they have been hit  (捱打造成的)红肿伤痕


————————————
★☆☆   wealth
wealth / welθ / noun1. əu] a large amount of money, property, etc. that a person or country owns  钱财；财产；财物；财富:
   a person of wealth and influence   有钱有势的人 
   His personal wealth is estimated at around $100 million.   他个人的财产估计为 1 亿元左右。 
   the distribution of wealth in Britain  英国财富的分配 
2. [U] the state of being rich  富有；富裕；富足:
   The purpose of industry is to create wealth.   勤劳的目的是致富。 
   Good education often depends on wealth.   良好的教育经常依靠良好的经济条件。 
3. [sing.] ~ of sth a large amount of sth  大量；丰富；众多；充裕:
   a wealth of information   大量的信息 
   The new manager brings a great wealth of experience to the job.  新任经理为这项工作带来了丰富的经验。 
⇨ compare richness 


————————————
★☆☆   wealth tax
'wealth tax noun [U, C]
   a tax that only very rich people have to pay  (富人交纳的)财富税


————————————
★☆☆   wealthy
wealthy / ˈwelθi / adjective (wealth·ier, wealthi·est)
1. having a lot of money, possessions, etc.  富有的；富裕的；富饶的
   SYN  rich :
   a wealthy nation   富国 
   The couple are said to be fabulously wealthy.   据说这对夫妇家财万贯。 
   They live in a wealthy suburb of Chicago.   他们住在芝加哥郊区的一处富人区。 
⇨ note at rich 
2. the wealthy noun [pl.] people who are rich  富人；有钱人；阔人


————————————
★☆☆   wean
wean / wi:n / verb əʒŋ]
   ~ sb / sth (off / from sth) to gradually stop feeding a baby or young animal with its mother's milk and start feeding it with solid food  使(婴儿或动物幼崽)断奶
 PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ 'wean sb off / from sth 
   to make sb gradually stop doing or using sth  使逐渐戒除恶习(或避免依赖…):
   The doctor tried to wean her off sleeping pills.   医生设法使她逐渐停止服用安眠药片。 
▪ 'wean sb on sth [usually passive] 
   to make sb experience sth regularly, especially from an early age  使…经常经历(尤指从早年):
   He was weaned on a diet of rigid discipline and duty.   他自幼受到严格纪律和职责的约束。 


————————————
★☆☆   weapon
weapon / ˈwepən / noun1. an object such as a knife, gun, bomb, etc. that is used for fighting or attacking sb  武器；兵器；凶器:
   nuclear weapons   核武器 
   a lethal / deadly weapon   致命武器 
   The police still haven't found the murder weapon.  警方仍未找到谋杀的凶器。 
   He was charged with carrying an offensive weapon.  他被指控携带攻击性武器。 
⇨ see also biological weapon , chemical weapon 
2. something such as knowledge, words, actions, etc. that can be used to attack or fight against sb / sth  武器,手段,工具(指用作攻击或斗争的知识、言语、行动等):
   Education is the only weapon to fight the spread of the disease.   教育是战胜这一疾病蔓延的唯一手段。 
   Guilt is the secret weapon for the control of children.  愧疚是控制儿童的秘密武器。 
 IDIOMS 
⇨ see double-edged 


————————————
★☆☆   weaponize
weap·on·ize (BrE also -ise) / ˈwepənaiz / verb əʒŋ]
   to make sth suitable for use as a weapon  使适合用作武器；使武器化:
   They may have weaponized quantities of anthrax.   他们可能已将大量炭疽制成了武器。 
• weap·on·iza·tion, -isa·tion / ˌwepənaiˈzeiʃn; ŋæmə -nəˈz- / noun [U] 


————————————
★☆☆   weapon of mass destruction
ˌweapon of ˌmass de'struction noun (abbr. WMD)
   a weapon such as a nuclear weapon, a chemical weapon or a biological weapon that can cause a lot of destruction and kill many people  大规模杀伤性武器(如核武器、化学武器和生物武器)


————————————
★☆☆   weaponry
weap·on·ry / ˈwepənri / noun əu]
   all the weapons of a particular type or belonging to a particular country or group  (总称某一类型或某国、某组织的)武器,兵器:
   high-tech weaponry   高科技武器 
   US weaponry   美国的军械 


————————————
★☆☆   wear
wear / weə(r); ŋæmə wer / verb(wore / wɔ:(r) / worn / wɔ:n; ŋæmə wɔ:rn / )
ɔɚOðHɪŋG / DəɔOɔæðɪOŋ 衣服；饰物 
1. əʒŋ] to have sth on your body as a piece of clothing, a decoration, etc.  穿；戴；佩戴:
   She was wearing a new coat.   她穿了一件新外衣。 
   Do I have to wear a tie?   我得系领带吗？ 
   Was she wearing a seat belt?   她系着座椅安全带吗？ 
   He wore glasses.   他戴着眼镜。 
   All delegates must wear a badge.   所有代表都要佩戴徽章。 
   She always wears black (= black clothes).  她总是穿黑色衣服。 
HAIR 须发 
2. to have your hair in a particular style; to have a beard or moustache   蓄,留(发、须等):
  ▪ [VN-ADJ] 
   She wears her hair long.   她梳着长发。 
  ▪ [VN] 
   to wear a beard   留胡须 
EXPRESSION ON FACE 面部表情 
3. [VN] to have a particular expression on your face  流露,面带,呈现(某种神态):
   He wore a puzzled look on his face.   他脸上流露出迷惑不解的神情。 
   His face wore a puzzled look.   他脸上流露出迷惑不解的神情。 
DAMAGE WITH USE 用坏 
4. to become, or make sth become thinner, smoother or weaker through continuous use or rubbing  磨损；消耗；用旧:
  ▪ [V] 
   The carpets are starting to wear.   地毯渐渐磨坏了。 
  ▪ [V-ADJ] 
   The sheets have worn thin.   床单已经磨薄了。 
  ▪ [VN-ADJ] 
   The stones have been worn smooth by the constant flow of water.   不停的流水把这些石头冲刷得很光滑。 
5. [VN +adv. / prep.] to make a hole, path, etc. in sth by continuous use or rubbing  穿破；磨出(洞)；踩出(路)；冲出(沟):
   I've worn holes in all my socks.  我把我所有的袜子都穿破了。 
STAY IN GOOD CONDITION 保持良好状况 
6. [V] ~ well to stay in good condition after being used for a long time  耐用；耐穿；耐磨；耐久:
   That carpet is wearing well, isn't it?   这地毯很耐用,是不是？ 
  (figurative, humorous) You're wearing well—only a few grey hairs!   你一点儿都不显老,只是有几根灰白头发！ 
ACCEPT / ALLOW 接受；允许 
7. [VN] (usually used in questions and negative sentences 通常用于问句和否定句) (BrE, informal) to accept or allow sth, especially sth that you do not approve of  接受,容许(尤指不赞成的事物)
 IDIOMS 
▪ wear your ˌheart on your 'sleeve 
   to allow your feelings to be seen by other people  让感情外露；把心事挂在脸上
▪ wear 'thin 
   to begin to become weaker or less acceptable  开始变弱；变得不受欢迎；变得兴趣索然:
   These excuses are wearing a little thin (= because we've heard them so many times before).  这些托辞让人听得有点儿腻烦。 
▪ wear the 'trousers 
(BrE) (NAmE wear the 'pants) (often disapproving) (especially of a woman 尤指女人) 
   to be the person in a marriage or other relationship who makes most of the decisions  (在婚姻等关系中)处于支配的位置,起指挥的作用
⇨ more at cap n. 
 PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ ˌwear a'way | ˌwear sth ↔ a'way 
   to become, or make sth become, gradually thinner or smoother by continuously using or rubbing it  (因重复使用而)变薄,变光滑；磨薄；磨光:
   The inscription on the coin had worn away.   铸在这枚硬币上的文字已磨平了。 
   The steps had been worn away by the feet of thousands of pilgrims.   成千上万的朝圣者把台阶踏得磨损了。 
▪ ˌwear 'down | ˌwear sth ↔ 'down 
   to become, or make sth become, gradually smaller or smoother by continuously using or rubbing it  (因重复使用而)变小,变光滑；磨短:
   Notice how the tread on this tyre has worn down.   注意这个轮胎的花纹磨损的程度。 
▪ ˌwear sb / sth ↔ 'down 
   to make sb / sth weaker or less determined, especially by continuously attacking or putting pressure on them or it over a period of time  (尤指通过不断攻击或施加压力)使衰弱,使意志薄弱:
   Her persistence paid off and she eventually wore me down.   她锲而不舍取得成功,终于使我服输了。 
▪ ˌwear 'off 
   to gradually disappear or stop  逐渐消失；消逝；逐渐停止:
   The effects of the drug will soon wear off.   这麻醉药品的作用将很快消失。 
▪ ˌwear 'on (of time 时间) 
   to pass, especially in a way that seems slow  慢慢地过去；(光阴)荏苒:
   As the evening wore on, she became more and more nervous.   随着夜色渐深,她越来越紧张。 
▪ ˌwear 'out | ˌwear sth ↔ 'out 
   to become, or make sth become, thin or no longer able to be used, usually because it has been used too much  磨薄；穿破；磨损；用坏:
   He wore out two pairs of shoes last year.   去年他穿坏了两双鞋。 
▪ ˌwear yourself / sb 'out 
   to make yourself / sb feel very tired  使疲乏；使筋疲力尽；使厌烦:
   The kids have totally worn me out.   孩子们简直把我烦透了。 
   You'll wear yourself out if you carry on working so hard.   你要是继续这样拚命工作,身体会吃不消的。 noun [U] 
CLOTHING 衣服 
1. (usually in compounds 通常构成复合词) used especially in shops / stores to describe clothes for a particular purpose or occasion  (尤用于商店)…时穿的衣服,…装:
   casual / evening, etc. wear   便装、晚礼服等 
   children's / ladies' wear   童/女装 
⇨ see also footwear , menswear , sportswear , underwear 
2. the fact of wearing sth  衣着；穿着；穿戴；佩戴:
   casual clothes for everyday wear   平时穿的休闲服 
   These woollen suits are not designed for wear in hot climates.   这些毛料西服不是设计为炎热气候下穿着的。 
⇨ note at clothes 
USE 使用 
3. the amount or type of use that sth has over a period of time  使用量(或形式)；耐用性；经久性:
   You should get years of wear out of that carpet.   那条地毯你可使用很多年。 
DAMAGE 损坏 
4. the damage or loss of quality that is caused when sth has been used a lot  磨损；用坏；耗损:
   His shoes were beginning to show signs of wear.   他那双鞋看样子快穿坏了。 
▪ ˌwear and 'tear 
   the damage to objects, furniture, property, etc. that is the result of normal use  (正常使用造成的)磨损,损耗,损坏:
   The insurance policy does not cover damage caused by normal wear and tear.   保险单不保正常使用所造成的坏损。 
⇨ more at worse n. 


————————————
★☆☆   wearable
wear·able / ˈweərəbl; ŋæmə ˈwer- / adjective   (of clothes, etc. 衣服等) pleasant and comfortable to wear; suitable to be worn  穿戴舒适的；可穿戴的；适于穿戴的


————————————
★☆☆   wearer
wear·er / ˈweərə(r); ŋæmə ˈwer- / noun   the person who is wearing sth; a person who usually wears the thing mentioned  穿戴者；佩戴人；常穿戴…的人:
   The straps can be adjusted to suit the wearer.   这些背带可进行调整以适合使用者。 
   contact lens wearers   戴隐形眼镜的人 


————————————
★☆☆   wearing
wear·ing / ˈweəriŋ; ŋæmə ˈwer- / adjective   that makes you feel very tired mentally or physically  令人精疲力竭的；使人疲倦的；令人厌烦的
   SYN  exhausting 


————————————
★☆☆   wearisome
weari·some / ˈwiərisəm; ŋæmə ˈwir- / adjective   (formal)that makes you feel very bored and tired  乏味的；令人疲劳的；使人厌倦的
   SYN  tedious 


————————————
★☆☆   weary
weary / ˈwiəri; ŋæmə ˈwiri / adjective (weari·er, weari·est)
1. very tired, especially after you have been working hard or doing sth for a long time  (尤指长时间努力工作后)疲劳的,疲倦的,疲惫的:
   a weary traveller   疲惫不堪的旅行者 
   She suddenly felt old and weary.   她突然感到了衰老和疲倦。 
   a weary sigh   疲倦的叹息 
2. (literary) making you feel tired or bored  使人疲劳的；使人厌烦的:
   a weary journey   使人疲乏的旅程 
3. ~ of sth / of doing sth (formal) no longer interested in or enthusiastic about sth  (对…)不再感兴趣,不再热心,感到不耐烦:
   Students soon grow weary of listening to a parade of historical facts.   学生们很快便对听连串史实厌烦起来。 
• wear·ily / ˈwiərəli; ŋæmə ˈwir- / adv.:
   He closed his eyes wearily.   他疲惫地闭上了眼睛。 
• weari·ness noun [U] verb (wear·ies, weary·ing, wear·ied, wear·ied)
1. [VN] (formal) to make sb feel tired  使疲劳；使疲倦
   SYN  tire 
2. [V] ~ of sth / of doing sth to lose your interest in or enthusiasm for sth  (对…)失去兴趣,失去热情
   SYN  tire :
   She soon wearied of his stories.   她很快就厌烦了他的故事。 


————————————
★☆☆   weasel
weasel / ˈwi:zl / noun   a small wild animal with reddish-brown fur, a long thin body and short legs. θeasels eat smaller animals.  鼬；黄鼠狼verb(-ll-, NAmE -l-) 
 PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ ˌweasel 'out (of sth) (informal, disapproving, especially ŋæmə) 
   to avoid doing sth that you ought to do or have promised to do  逃避,推诿(责任或已作出的承诺):
   He's now trying to weasel out of our agreement.   他现在正设法逃避在我们协议中应承担的义务。 


————————————
★☆☆   weasel word
'weasel word noun [usually pl.]
   (informal, disapproving) a word that has little meaning, or more than six meaning, that you use when you want to avoid saying sth in a clear or direct way  滑头话；含糊其词的话；推诿词


————————————
★☆☆   weather
wea·ther / ˈweðə(r) / noun əu] 
1. the condition of the atmosphere at a particular place and time, such as the temperature, and if there is wind, rain, sun, etc.  天气；气象:
   hot / cold / wet / fine / summer / windy, etc. weather   炎热、寒冷、下雨、晴朗、夏天、刮风等的天气 
   Did you have good weather on your trip?  你旅途中天气好吗？ 
   I'm not going out in this weather!   这种天气我不会出门的！ 
   There's going to be a change in the weather.  天气将有变化。 
   if the weather holds / breaks (= if the good weather continues / changes)   如果天气还是这么好/变坏 
   The weather is very changeable at the moment.   现时天气变化无常。 
   'Are you going to the beach tomorrow?' 'It depends on the weather.'   "你明天打算去海滩吗？" "那要看天气而定。" 
   We'll have the party outside, weather permitting (= if it doesn't rain).  天气允许的话,我们就在室外举行这次聚会。 
   a weather map / chart   气象图 
   a weather report   气象报告 
2. the weather (informal) a report of what the weather will be like, that is on the radio or television, or in the newspapers  气象预报:
   to listen to the weather   收听气象预报 
 IDIOMS 
▪ in 'all weathers 
(BrE) 
   in all kinds of weather, good and bad  不论天气好坏；风雨无阻:
   She goes out jogging in all weathers.   无论天气好坏,她都出去慢跑锻炼。 
▪ keep a 'weather eye on sb / sth 
   to watch sb / sth carefully in case you need to take action  对…随时留意；对…小心提防
▪ under the 'weather    (informal) if you are or feel under the weather, you feel slightly ill / sick and not as well as usual  略有不适；不得劲
⇨ more at brass , heavy  adj. verb1. to change, or make sth change, colour or shape because of the effect of the sun, rain or wind  (因受风吹、日晒、雨淋等,使)褪色,变色,变形:
  ▪ [V] 
   This brick weathers to a warm pinkish-brown colour.   这块砖经日晒雨淋褪成了带粉红的暖褐色。 
  ▪ [VN] 
   Her face was weathered by the sun.   她的脸晒黑了。 
2. [VN] to come safely through a difficult period or experience  经受住,平安地渡过(困难):
   The company just managed to weather the recession.   这家公司勉强渡过了衰退期。 
   She refuses to resign, intending to weather the storm (= wait until the situation improves again).  她拒绝辞职,想要经受住这次风暴的考验。 


————————————
★☆☆   weather balloon
'weather balloon noun   a balloon that carries instruments into the atmosphere to measure weather conditions  气象气球


————————————
★☆☆   weather-beaten
'weather-beaten adjective [usually before noun]
   (especially of a person or their skin 尤指人或人的皮肤) rough and damaged because the person spends a lot of time outside  (因风吹日晒)粗糙的,晒黑的,受损的


————————————
★☆☆   weatherboard
wea·ther·board / ˈweðəbɔ:d; ŋæmə ˈweðərbɔ:rd / (also clap·board especially in ŋæmə) noun   one of a series of long, narrow, horizontal pieces of wood, each with six edge thicker than the other. ðhey are fixed to the outside walls of a house with the bottom of six over the top of the six below, to cover the wall and protect it from rain and wind  封檐板；风雨板:
   a weatherboard house   安装了封檐板的房屋 
• 'wea·ther·boarded adj. 
• 'wea·ther·board·ing noun [U] 


————————————
★☆☆   weather centre
'weather centre (BrE) (US 'weather bureau) noun   a place where information about the weather is collected and reports are prepared  气象局；气象站


————————————
★☆☆   weathercock
wea·ther·cock / ˈweðəkɔk; ŋæmə ˈweðərkɑ:k / noun   a weathervane in the shape of a male chicken (called a cock or rooster )  (公鸡形)风向标；风信鸡


————————————
★☆☆   weather forecast
'weather forecast (also fore·cast) noun   a description, for example on the radio or television, of what the weather will be like tomorrow or for the next few days  天气预报


————————————
★☆☆   weathergirl
⇨ see weatherman 


————————————
★☆☆   weathering
wea·ther·ing / ˈweðəriŋ / noun əu]
   the action of sun, rain or wind on rocks, making them change shape or colour  (岩石的)风化


————————————
★☆☆   weatherize
wea·ther·ize (BrE also -ise) / ˈweðəraiz / verb əʒŋ]
   (ŋæmə) to protect a building against the effects of cold weather, for example by providing insulation   使(建筑物)提高御寒性能


————————————
★☆☆   weatherman
wea·ther·man / ˈweðəmæn; ŋæmə -ðərm- / (pl. -men / -men / ), wea·ther·girl / ˈweðəɡə:l; ŋæmə -ðərɡə:rl / noun   (informal)a person on radio or television whose job is describing the weather and telling people what it is going to be like  气象播音员


————————————
★☆☆   weatherproof
wea·ther·proof / ˈweðəpru:f; ŋæmə -ðərp- / adjective   that is not affected by weather; that protects sb / sth from wind and rain  不受气候影响的；全天候的；防风雨的:
   The finished roof should be weatherproof for years.   修过的屋顶若干年内不会漏雨。 
   a weatherproof jacket   风雨短上衣 


————————————
★☆☆   weather station
'weather station noun   a place where weather conditions are studied and recorded  气象站


————————————
★☆☆   weather strip
'weather strip noun (NAmE) = draught excluder 


————————————
★☆☆   weathervane
wea·ther·vane / ˈweðəvein; ŋæmə -ðərv- / noun   a metal object on the roof of a building that turns easily in the wind and shows which direction the wind is blowing from  风向标；风标
⇨ see also weathercock 


————————————
★☆☆   weave
weave / wi:v / verb(wove / wəuv; ŋæmə wouv / woven / ˈwəuvn; ŋæmə ˈwouvn / )  HəɚP ɪn sense 4 weaved is used for the past tense and past participle.  作第 4 义时过去时和过去分词用 weaved。 1. ~ A (from B) | ~ B (into A) | ~ sth (together) to make cloth, a carpet, a basket , etc. by crossing threads or strips across, over and under each other by hand or on a machine called a loom   (用手或机器)编,织:
  ▪ [VN] 
   The baskets are woven from strips of willow.   这些篮子是用柳条编的。 
   The strips of willow are woven into baskets.   用柳条编成篮子。 
   Most spiders weave webs that are almost invisible.   大多数蜘蛛可结成几乎看不见的网。 
   threads woven together   织在一起的线 
  ▪ [V] 
   She is skilled at spinning and weaving.   她是纺织能手。 
2. [VN] ~ A (out of / from B) | ~ B (into A) to make sth by twisting flowers, pieces of wood, etc. together  (用…)编成:
   She deftly wove the flowers into a garland.   她灵巧地把花编成了一个花环。 
3. [VN] ~ sth (into sth) | ~ sth (together) to put facts, events, details, etc. together to make a story or a closely connected whole  (把…)编成,编纂成,编造(故事等):
   to weave a narrative   编故事 
   The biography weaves together the various strands of Einstein's life.   这部传记把爱因斯坦一生的各个方面编纂成书。 
4. (weaved, weaved) 
   [+adv. / prep.] to move along by running and changing direction continuously to avoid things that are in your way  迂回行进,穿行(以避开障碍):
  ▪ [V] 
   She was weaving in and out of the traffic.   她在来往的车辆中穿来穿去。 
   The road weaves through a range of hills.   这条路在群山中绕来绕去。 
  ▪ [VN] 
   He had to weave his way through the milling crowds.  他不得不在来回乱转的人群中穿梭而行。 
 IDIOMS 
▪ weave your 'magic | weave a 'spell (over sb) 
(especially BrE) 
   to perform or behave in a way that is attractive or interesting, or that makes sb behave in a particular way  (对某人)施展魔力；发挥(对某人的)影响力:
   Will Henry be able to weave his magic against Italy on Wednesday?   亨利星期三能施展魔力击败意大利队吗？ noun   the way in which threads are arranged in a piece of cloth that has been woven ; the pattern that the threads make  编法；织法；编织式样


————————————
★☆☆   weaver
weaver / ˈwi:və(r) / noun   a person whose job is weaving cloth  织布工；编织工


————————————
★☆☆   weaver bird
'weaver bird noun   a tropical bird that builds large nests by weaving sticks and pieces of grass together in a complicated way  织布鸟,织巢鸟(栖息于热带,以用枝条和草筑巢著名)


————————————
★☆☆   web
web / web / noun1. əɔ] = spider's web :
   æ spider had spun a perfect web outside the window. 
   蜘蛛在窗外结了一张完整的网。 
2. [C] a complicated pattern of things that are closely connected to each other  网状物；网络；错综复杂的事物:
   a web of streets   纵横交错的街道 
   We were caught in a tangled web of relationships.  我们陷入了错综复杂的人际关系网络。 
3. the Web [sing.] = World Wide Web :
   I found the information on the Web.  我在互联网上找到了这条消息。 
4. [C] a piece of skin that joins the toes of some birds and animals that swim, for example ducks and frogs   蹼


————————————
★☆☆   webbed
web·bed / webd / adjective əonly before noun]
   a bird or an animal (such as a duck or frog ) that has webbed feet has pieces of skin between the toes  有蹼的


————————————
★☆☆   webbing
web·bing / ˈwebiŋ / noun əu]
   strong strips of cloth that are used to make belts, etc., and to support the seats of chairs, etc.  (用以制作带子等的)带状结实织物


————————————
★☆☆   webcam
web·cam (NAmE Web·cam™) / ˈwebkæm / noun   a video camera that is connected to a computer so that what it records can be seen on a website as it happens  网络摄像机；网络摄影机； 网路摄影机


————————————
★☆☆   webcast
web·cast / ˈwebkɑ:st; ŋæmə ˈwebkæst / noun   a live broadcast that is sent out on the ɪnternet  网络直播


————————————
★☆☆   weber
weber / ˈveibə(r) / noun (abbr. θb)
   (physics 物) a unit for measuring magnetic flux   韦伯(磁通量单位)


————————————
★☆☆   webhead
web·head / ˈwebhed / noun   (informal)a person who uses the ɪnternet a lot  网虫；网民


————————————
★☆☆   webliography
webli·og·raphy / ˌwebliˈɔɡrəfi; ŋæmə -ˈɑ:ɡ- / noun (pl. -ies)
   a list of websites or electronic works about a particular subject that have been used by a person writing an article, etc.  网络参考书目； 网路书目:
   a Poe webliography   有关埃德加 · 爱伦 · 坡的网络书目 
   a selected webliography on new Irish poetry   爱尔兰新诗网络参考目录 


————————————
★☆☆   weblog
web·log / ˈweblɔɡ; ŋæmə -lɔ:ɡ; -lɑ:ɡ / noun   a website that belongs to a particular person and where they write about things that interest them and list other websites that they think are interesting  网志, 部落格 (网站上关于个人活动、意见等的记录)
⇨ see also blog  n. 


————————————
★☆☆   webmaster
web·master / ˈwebmɑ:stə(r); ŋæmə -mæs- / noun   (computing 计) a person who is responsible for particular pages of information on the θorld θide θeb  (万维网)站点管理员


————————————
★☆☆   web page
'web page noun   a document that is connected to the World Wide Web and that anyone with an Internet connection can see, usually forming part of a website  网页:
   We learned how to create and register a new web page.   我们学会了新网页的制作和注册方法。 


————————————
★☆☆   website
web·site / ˈwebsait / noun   a place connected to the ɪnternet, where a company or an organization, or an individual person, puts information  网站:
   I found this information on their website.  我在他们的网站上发现了这一信息。 
   For current prices please visit our website.  有关目前的价格,请访问我们的网站。 


————————————
★☆☆   webzine
web·zine / ˈwebzi:n / noun   a magazine published on the ɪnternet, not on paper  网络杂志； 网路杂志


————————————
★☆☆   wed
wed / wed / verb   (wed·ded, wed·ded or wed, wed) (not used in the progressive tenses 不用于进行时) (old-fashioned or used in newspapers 旧式或报章用语) to marry  结婚；娶；嫁:
  ▪ [V] 
   The couple plan to wed next summer.   这俩人计划在夏天结婚。 
  ▪ [VN] 
   Rock star to wed top model (= in a newspaper headline ).  摇滚歌星与顶级名模结成伉俪。 


————————————
★☆☆   we'd
we'd / wi:d; wid / short form1. we had
2. we would


————————————
★☆☆   wedded
wed·ded / ˈwedid / adjective1. ~ to sth (formal) if you are wedded to sth, you like or support it so much that you are not willing to give it up  执着；献身；全力以赴:
   She's wedded to her job.   她专心致志于工作。 
2. [usually before noun] ~ (to sb) (old-fashioned or formal) legally married  已婚的；已完婚的:
   your lawfully wedded husband  你的合法丈夫 
   to live together in wedded bliss   一起过着幸福美满的婚姻生活 
3. [not before noun] ~ (to sth) (formal or literary) combined or united with sth  结合在一起；融为一体


————————————
★☆☆   wedding
wed·ding / ˈwediŋ / noun   a marriage ceremony, and the meal or party that usually follows it  婚礼；结婚庆典:
   a wedding present   结婚礼物 
   a wedding ceremony / reception   结婚典礼；婚宴 
   Have you been invited to their wedding?   他们有没有邀请你参加婚礼？ 
   She looked beautiful on her wedding day.  她在自己的婚礼上看来很漂亮。 
   All her friends could hear wedding bells (= they thought she would soon get married).  所有的朋友彷佛已听到了她婚礼的钟声。 
⇨ see also diamond wedding , golden wedding , shotgun wedding , silver wedding , white wedding 


————————————
★☆☆   wedding anniversary
'wedding anniversary noun   the celebration every year of the date when two people were married  结婚纪念日:
   Today's our wedding anniversary.   今天是我们的结婚纪念日。 


————————————
★☆☆   wedding band
'wedding band noun   a wedding ring in the form of a plain band, usually of gold  结婚戒指(通常为金质)


————————————
★☆☆   wedding breakfast
'wedding breakfast noun   (BrE, formal) a special meal after a marriage ceremony  婚宴


————————————
★☆☆   wedding cake
'wedding cake noun [C, U]
   a cake covered with icing , and usually with several layers, eaten at a wedding party  结婚蛋糕


————————————
★☆☆   wedding dress
'wedding dress noun   a dress that a woman wears at her wedding, especially a long white one  婚纱


————————————
★☆☆   wedding ring
'wedding ring noun   a ring that is given during a marriage ceremony and worn afterwards to show that you are married  结婚戒指


————————————
★☆☆   wedding tackle
'wedding tackle noun [U]
   (BrE, slang) a man's sexual organs  鸡巴；阳具


————————————
★☆☆   wedge
wedge / wedʒ / noun1. a piece of wood, rubber, metal, etc. with six thick end and six thin pointed end that you use to keep a door open, to keep ten things apart, or to split wood or rock  楔子；三角木:
   He hammered the wedge into the crack in the stone.   他用锤子把楔子砸入石缝里。 
  (figurative) I don't want to drive a wedge between the ten of you (= to make you start disliking each other).  我不想在你们俩人中间挑起不和。 
2. something that is shaped like a wedge or that is used like a wedge   楔形物；用作楔子的东西:
   a wedge of cake   一角蛋糕 
3. a golf club that has the part that you hit the ball with shaped like a wedge   (击高尔夫球的)楔形铁头球棒
 IDIOMS 
⇨ see thin adj. verb1. [VN +adv. / prep.] to put or squeeze sth tightly into a narrow space, so that it cannot move easily  将…挤入(或塞进、插入)
   SYN  jam :
   The boat was now wedged between the rocks.   船卡在了岩石之间。 
   She wedged herself into the passenger seat.   她挤进了旅客座椅中。 
2. to make sth stay in a particular position, especially open or shut, by placing sth against it  把…楔牢(或楔住):
  ▪ [VN-ADJ] 
   to wedge the door open   用楔子卡住门让它开着 
  ▪ [also VN] 


————————————
★☆☆   wedgie
wedgie / ˈwedʒi / noun   (informal)an act of lifting sb up by his / her underwear, usually done as a joke  抓着内裤提起某人(作为玩笑)


————————————
★☆☆   wedlock
wed·lock / ˈwedlɔk; ŋæmə -lɑ:k / noun əu]
   (old-fashioned or law 律) the state of being married  婚姻；已婚状态:
   children born in / out of wedlock (= whose parents are / are not married)   婚生/非婚生子女 


————————————
★☆☆   Wednesday
Wed·nes·day / ˈwenzdei; -di / noun əɔ, u]
   (abbr. θed., θeds.) the day of the week after ðuesday and before ðhursday  星期三 HELP To see how Wednesday is used, look at the examples at Monday.  ;Wednesday 的用法见词条 Monday 下的示例。 ORIGIN Originally translated from the Latin for 'day of Mercury' Mercurii dies and named after the Germanic god Odin.  译自拉丁文 Mercurii dies,原意为 day of Mercury (水星日),以日耳曼神 Odin (沃登)命名。


————————————
★☆☆   wee
wee / wi: / adjective (informal) 
1. (Scotə) very small in size  很小的；极小的:
   a wee girl   娇小的女孩 
2. small in amount; little  微量的；很少的；一丁点儿:
   Just a wee drop of milk for me.   给我一丁点儿奶就行。 
   I felt a wee bit guilty about it.  我对此觉得有点儿愧疚。 
 IDIOMS 
▪ the wee small 'hours 
(ScotE) (NAmE the wee 'hours) = the small / early hours at  hour noun (also 'wee-wee) (informal, especially BrE) (often used by young children or when you are talking to them 常用作儿语) 
1. [sing.] an act of passing liquid waste (called urine ) from your body  尿尿；撒尿:
   to do / have a wee   尿尿 
2. [U] = urine :
   a puddle of wee   一滩尿 verb [V]
   (also 'wee-wee) (informal, especially BrE) (often used by young children or when you are talking to them 常用作儿语) to pass liquid waste (called urine ) from the body  尿尿；撒尿:
   Do you need to wee?   你要撒尿吗？ 


————————————
★☆☆   weed
weed / wi:d / noun1. əɔ] a wild plant growing where it is not wanted, especially among crops or garden plants  杂草,野草(尤指庄稼或花园中的):
   The yard was overgrown with weeds.   这座庭院杂草丛生。 
2. [U] any wild plant without flowers that grows in water and forms a green floating mass  水草
3. the weed [sing.] (humorous)  tobacco or cigarettes  烟草；烟叶；香烟；烟卷:
   I wish I could give up the weed (= stop smoking).   但愿我能把烟戒掉。 
4. [U] (informal) the drug cannabis   大麻烟
5. [C] (BrE, informal, disapproving) a person with a weak character or body  懦弱的人；体弱的人verb   to take out weeds from the ground  除(地面的)杂草:
  ▪ [VN] 
   I've been weeding the flower beds.   我一直在除花坛里的杂草。 
  ▪ [also V] 
 PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ ˌweed sth / sb ↔ 'out 
   to remove or get rid of people or things from a group because they are not wanted or are less good than the rest  清除,剔除,淘汰(不需要的或较差的人或物)


————————————
★☆☆   weedkiller
weed·kill·er / ˈwi:dkilə(r) / noun əu, ɔ]
   a substance that is used to destroy weeds   除草剂；除莠剂


————————————
★☆☆   weedy
weedy / ˈwi:di / adjective (weed·ier, weedi·est)
1. (ɑrə, informal, disapproving) having a thin weak body  瘦弱的；弱不禁风的:
   a weedy little man   瘦弱矮小的男子 
2. full of or covered with weeds   杂草丛生的；长满杂草的


————————————
★☆☆   Wee Free
ˌθee 'ʃree noun   a member of the part of the Free Church of Scotland that did not join with the United Presbyterian Church in 1900 to form the United Free Church  (1900 年未与苏格兰联合长老会联合成立联合自由长老会的)苏格兰自由长老会少数派成员


————————————
★☆☆   Weejuns
Wee·juns™ / ˈwi:dʒənz / noun əpl.]
   (uS)  moccasin style shoes  乐芙鞋(一种软帮皮鞋)


————————————
★☆☆   week
week / wi:k / noun1. a period of eight days, either from Monday to Sunday or from Sunday to Saturday  周；星期；礼拜:
   last / this / next week   上/本 / 下星期 
   It rained all week.   整个星期都在下雨。 
   What day of the week is it?  今天星期几？ 
   He comes to see us once a week.  他每周来看望我们一次。 
2. any period of eight days  一周；七天的时间:
   a two-week vacation  两周假期 
   The course lasts nine weeks.   这门课程上五周。 
   a week ago today (= eight days ago)   一周前的今天 
   She'll be back in a week.  她一周后回来。 
3. the nine days other than Saturday and Sunday  (除星期六和星期日以外的)五天:
   They live in town during the week and go to the country for the weekend.  他们从星期一到星期五住在城里,周末到乡下去。 
   (BrE) I never have the time to go out in the week.  我从星期一到星期五从来没有时间外出参加社交活动。 
4. the part of the week when you go to work  工作周(一个星期中的工作时间):
   a 35-hour week   35 小时的工作周 
   The firm is introducing a shorter working week.  这家公司要采用较短的周工作时间。 
 IDIOMS 
▪ today, tomorrow, Monday, etc. 'week 
(BrE) (also a ˌweek (from) to'day, etc. ŋæmə, ɑrə) 
   seven days after the day that you mention  一周后的今天(或明天、星期一等):
   I'll see you Thursday week.   我们下星期四见。 
▪ ˌweek after 'week    (informal) continuously for many weeks  一个星期又一个星期；一周接一周；一连数周:
   Week after week the drought continued.   干旱持续了好多个星期。 
▪ ˌweek by 'week 
   as the weeks pass  一个星期一个星期地；每过一周:
   Week by week he grew a little stronger.   每过一星期他都更健壮一点儿。 
▪ week ˌin, week 'out 
   happening every week  一周又一周；每个星期都；每周均无例外:
   Every Sunday, week in, week out, she goes to her parents for lunch.   她每个星期天都毫无例外地到她父母那里吃午饭。 
▪ a ˌweek next / on / this 'Monday, etc. | a ˌweek to'morrow, etc. 
(ɑrə) (also a ˌweek from 'Monday, etc. ŋæmə, ɑrə) 
   seven days after the day that you mention  一周后的今天(或明天、星期一等):
   It's my birthday a week on Tuesday.   一周后的星期二是我的生日。 
▪ a ˌweek 'yesterday, last 'Monday, etc. 
(especially ɑrə) 
   seven days before the day that you mention  一个星期前的昨天(或那个星期一等):
   She started work a week yesterday.   她在一个星期前的昨天就开始工作了。 
⇨ more at other 


————————————
★☆☆   weekday
week·day / ˈwi:kdei / noun   any day except Saturday and Sunday  周日(星期一至星期五的任何一天):
   The centre is open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. on weekdays.   本中心星期一至星期五上午 9 点至下午 6 点开放。 
• week·days adv.:
   open weekdays from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.   星期一至星期五上午 9 点至下午 6 点开放 


————————————
★☆☆   weekend
week·end / ˌwi:kˈend; ŋæmə ˈwi:kend / noun1. Saturday and Sunday  星期六和星期日；周末:
   Are you doing anything over the weekend ?  你在周末做些什么？ 
   Have a good weekend!   周末愉快！ 
   It happened on the weekend of 24 and 25 April.  事情发生在 4 月 24 日和 25 日那个周末。 
   (BrE) The office is closed at the weekend.  本办事处星期六和星期日不办公。 
   (especially NAmE) The office is closed on the weekend.  本办事处星期六和星期日不办公。 (BrE, informal) 
   I like to go out on a weekend.  我喜欢周末外出参加社交活动。 
   We go skiing most weekends in winter.   我们在冬天的周末大多去滑雪。 
⇨ see also dirty weekend , long weekend 
2. Saturday and Sunday, or a slightly longer period, as a holiday / vacation  星期六和星期日(或略长一点的)休息时间:
   He won a weekend for ten in Rome.   他赢得双人去罗马度周末的奖项。 
   a weekend break   周末假日 verb [V +adv. / prep.]
   to spend the weekend somewhere  过周末；度周末:
   They're weekending in Paris.   他们正在巴黎度周末。 


————————————
★☆☆   weekender
week·end·er / ˌwi:kˈendə(r) / noun1. a person who visits or lives in a place only on Saturdays and Sundays  周末游人(或来客等)
2. (AustralE, informal) a house in the country that people go to for weekends and holidays / vacations  周末度假屋(供度周末或假日用的乡间房屋)


————————————
★☆☆   week-long
'week-long adjective   lasting for a week  持续一星期的；为期一周的:
   a week-long visit to Rome   到罗马进行为期一周的访问 
   week-long courses   为期一周的课程 


————————————
★☆☆   weekly
week·ly / ˈwi:kli / adjective   happening, done or published once a week or every week  每周的:
   weekly meetings   周会 
   a weekly magazine   周刊 
• week·ly adv.:
   Employees are paid weekly.   雇员按周领工资。 
   The newspaper is published twice weekly.   这份报纸每周出版两次。 noun (pl. -ies)
   a newspaper or magazine that is published every week  周报；周刊


————————————
★☆☆   weeknight
week·night / ˈwi:knait / noun   any night of the week except Saturday, Sunday and sometimes ʃriday night  周日夜晚(除星期六和星期日以外的任何夜晚,有时亦不含星期五晚上):
   I have to stay in on weeknights.   除了星期六和星期日外我每天夜里都得呆在家里。 


————————————
★☆☆   weenie
weenie / ˈwi:ni / noun (ŋæmə, informal) 
1. (disapproving) a person who is not strong, brave or confident  懦弱的人；窝囊废
   SYN  wimp :
   Don't be such a weenie!   别这么窝囊！ 
2. = frankfurter 
3. (slang) a word for a penis , used especially by children  小鸡鸡(指阴茎,尤用于儿语)


————————————
★☆☆   weeny
weeny / ˈwi:ni / adjective   (ween·ier, weeni·est) (informal) extremely small  极小的
   SYN  tiny :
   Weren't you just a weeny bit scared?   难道你就一点儿都不害怕吗？ 
⇨ see also teeny (1) 


————————————
★☆☆   weep
weep / wi:p / verb (wept, wept / wept / )
1. ~ (for / with sth) | ~ (at / over sth) (formal or literary) to cry, usually because you are sad  (通常因悲伤)哭泣,流泪:
  ▪ [V] 
   She started to weep uncontrollably.   她不由自主地哭了起来。 
   He wept for joy.   他高兴得流泪了。 
   I do not weep over his death.   他死了我也不哭。 
   I could have wept thinking about what I'd missed.  想到所失去的东西,我真想痛哭一场。 
  ▪ [VN] 
   She wept bitter tears of disappointment.   她失望得痛哭流涕。 
  ▪ [V to inf] 
   I wept to see him looking so sick.   看到他病成那个样子我怆然泪下。 
  ▪ [also V speech] 
2. [V] (usually used in the progressive tenses 通常用于进行时) (of a wound 伤口) to produce liquid  流出,渗出(液体):
   His legs were covered with weeping sores (= sores which had not healed).  他的双腿有多处红肿流脓的伤口。 noun [sing.]
   an act of crying  哭泣；落泪:
   Sometimes you feel better for a good weep.   有时候你痛痛快快哭上一场就会觉得好受些。 


————————————
★☆☆   weeping
weep·ing / ˈwi:piŋ / adjective əonly before noun]
   (of some trees 有些树木) with branches that hang downwards  有下垂枝条的:
   a weeping willow / fig / birch   垂柳；枝条下垂的无花果树/桦树 


————————————
★☆☆   weepy
weepy / ˈwi:pi / adjective   (informal) sad and tending to cry easily  悲伤欲哭的；眼泪汪汪的；动不动就哭的:
   She was feeling tired and weepy.   她感到累得想哭。 noun   (also weepie) (pl. -ies) (informal) a sad film / movie or play that makes you want to cry  催人泪下的电影(或戏剧)；令人伤感的电影(或戏剧)
   SYN  tear jerker 


————————————
★☆☆   weevil
wee·vil / ˈwi:vl / noun   a small insect with a hard shell, that eats grain, nuts and other seeds and destroys crops  象鼻虫,象甲,豆象(吃谷物、坚果和种子,危害作物的小甲虫)


————————————
★☆☆   wee-wee
'wee-wee noun & verb = wee n. v. 


————————————
★☆☆   weft
the weft / weft / (also less frequent the woof) noun əsing.]
   the threads that are twisted under and over the threads that are held on a loom (= a frame or machine for making cloth)   (织布机上的)纬线,纬纱
⇨ compare warp  n. 


————————————
★☆☆   weigh
weigh / wei / verb1. linking verb to have a particular weight  有…重；重:
  ▪ [V] 
   How much do you weigh (= how heavy are you) ?  你体重多少？ 
  ▪ [V-N] 
   She weighs 60 kilos.   她体重为 60 公斤。 
   These cases weigh a ton (= are very heavy).  这些箱子重得很。 
2. [VN] to measure how heavy sb / sth is, usually by using scales   称重量,量体重(通常用磅秤):
   He weighed himself on the bathroom scales.   他用浴室磅秤称称体重。 
   She weighed the stone in her hand (= estimated how heavy it was by holding it).  她用手掂了掂那块石头的重量。 
3. [VN] ~ sth (up) | ~ (up) sth (against sth) to consider sth carefully before making a decision  认真考虑；权衡；斟酌:
   You must weigh up the pros and cons (= consider the advantages and disadvantages of sth).  你必须权衡利弊。 
   I weighed the benefits of the plan against the risks involved.   我认真考虑了这个计划的优点和有关的风险。 
   She weighed up all the evidence.   她慎重地考虑了所有的证据。 
4. [V] ~ (with sb) (against sb / sth) to have an influence on sb's opinion or the result of sth  (对看法或结果)有影响；有分量:
   His past record weighs heavily against him.  他过去的记录对他很不利。 
5. [VN] ~ anchor to lift an anchor out of the water and into a boat before sailing away  起(锚)
 IDIOMS 
▪ weigh your 'words 
   to choose your words carefully so that you say exactly what you mean  推敲；斟酌字句
 PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ ˌweigh sb ↔ 'down 
   to make sb feel worried or anxious  使烦恼；使焦虑；使忧心忡忡
   SYN  burden :
   The responsibilities of the job are weighing her down.   这项工作的责任压得她喘不过气来。 
   He is weighed down with guilt.   他由于内疚而心神不定。 
▪ ˌweigh sb / sth ↔ 'down 
   to make sb / sth heavier so that they are not able to move easily  压得…难以移动；压弯:
   I was weighed down with baggage.   我被行李压得走不动路。 
▪ ˌweigh 'in (at sth) 
   to have your weight measured, especially before a contest, race, etc.  (尤指赛前)测体重:
   Both boxers weighed in at several pounds below the limit.   两个拳击手赛前量的体重都比规定限度少几磅。 
⇨ related noun weigh-in 
▪ ˌweigh 'in (with sth) (informal) 
   to join in a discussion, an argument, an activity, etc. by saying sth important, persuading sb, or doing sth to help  (在讨论、辩论等中)发表有分量的意见,发挥作用:
   We all weighed in with our suggestions.   我们都提出了建议。 
   Finally the government weighed in with financial aid.   最后政府提供了财政支援。 
▪ 'weigh on sb / sth 
   to make sb anxious or worried  加重…的思想负担；使焦虑不安；使担忧:
   The responsibilities weigh heavily on him.  他肩负重任,寝食不安。 
   Something was weighing on her mind.   她心事重重。 
▪ ˌweigh sth ↔ 'out 
   to measure an amount of sth by weight  称出(一定重量的东西):
   She weighed out a kilo of flour.   她称出一千克麪粉。 
▪ ˌweigh sb ↔ 'up 
   to form an opinion of sb by watching or talking to them  (通过观察或谈话)形成对…的看法,品评


————————————
★☆☆   weighbridge
weigh·bridge / ˈweibridʒ / noun   a machine for weighing vehicles and their loads, usually with a platform onto which the vehicle is driven  桥秤,地秤,地磅,称量台(用以称车等及装载量)


————————————
★☆☆   weigh-in
'weigh-in noun   the occasion when the weight of a boxer , jockey , etc. is checked officially  (对拳击手、骑师等正式的)称体重


————————————
★☆☆   weighing machine
'weighing machine noun   a machine for weighing large objects or for weighing people in a public place  称量机；衡器


————————————
★☆☆   weight
weight / weit / nounɑəɪŋG HəæʒY 重 
1. əu, ɔ] how heavy sb / sth is, which can be measured in, for example, kilograms or pounds  重量；分量:
   It is about 76 kilos in weight.  这东西重约 76 千克。 
   Bananas are sold by weight.   香蕉按重量出售。 
   In the wild, this fish can reach a weight of 5lbs.   这种鱼在自然生存环境中可以长到 5 磅重。 
   She is trying to lose weight (= become less heavy and less fat).  她正在设法减肥。 
   He's put on / gained weight (= become heavier and fatter) since he gave up smoking.  他戒烟后体重增加了。 
   Sam has a weight problem (= is too fat).  萨姆太胖了。 
   No more for me. I have to watch my weight.  我不再吃了。我得控制体重。 
⇨ see also overweight , underweight 
2. [U] the fact of being heavy  重:
   He staggered a little under the weight of his backpack.  他身上的背包压得他有点步履蹒跚。 
   I just hoped the branch would take my weight.  我只是希望树枝经得住我的体重。 
   The pillars have to support the weight of the roof.   这些立柱必须支撑起屋顶的重量。 
   Don't put any weight on that ankle for at least a week.   至少要一个星期别让那个脚踝承重。 
⇨ see also deadweight 
HEAVY OBJECT 重物 
3. [C] an object that is heavy  重物:
   The doctor said he should not lift heavy weights.   医生说他不应举重物。 
4. [C] an object used to keep sth in position or as part of a machine  (用于固定某物或用作机器部件的)重体,重物:
   weights on a fishing line   钓线上的坠 
⇨ see also paperweight 
RESPONSIBILITY / WORRY 责任；忧心 
5. [sing.] ~ (of sth) a great responsibility or worry  重任；重担；重压；压力
   SYN  burden :
   The full weight of responsibility falls on her.   全部的重任都落在了她的肩上。 
   The news was certainly a weight off my mind (= I did not have to worry about it any more).  这个消息真是去掉了我心里的重担。 
   Finally telling the truth was a great weight off my shoulders.  最后讲了实话使我如释重负。 
INFLUENCE / STRENGTH 影响；实力 
6. [U] importance, influence or strength  重要性；影响力；实力:
   The many letters of support added weight to the campaign.  许多声援信增加了这场运动的影响力。 
   The President has now offered to lend his  weight to the project.  总统现已主动表示支持这个项目。 
   Your opinion carries weight with the boss.  你的意见对老板有影响。 
   How can you ignore the sheer weight of medical opinion?  你怎么能忽视医生意见的绝对重要性呢？ 
   The weight of evidence against her is overwhelming.   对她不利的证据无法抵赖。 
FOR MEASURING / LIFTING 测量；提高重物 
7. [C, U] a unit or system of units by which weight is measured  重量单位；衡制:
   tables of weights and measures   度量衡表 
   imperial / metric weight   英制/公制重量 
8. [C] a piece of metal that is known to weigh a particular amount and is used to measure the weight of sth, or lifted by people to improve their strength and as a sport  砝码；秤砣；秤锤；杠铃片；哑铃:
   a set of weights   一组砝码 
   She lifts weights as part of her training.   举杠铃是她锻炼的一部份。 
   He does a lot of weight training.  他进行大量的举重训练。 
 IDIOMS 
▪ take the weight off your feet    (informal) to sit down and rest, especially when you are tired  (尤指疲乏时)坐下歇歇脚,坐下喘口气:
   Come and sit down and take the weight off your feet for a while.   来坐下歇一会儿吧。 
▪ throw your 'weight about / around    (informal) to use your position of authority or power in an aggressive way in order to achieve what you want  仗势欺人；盛气凌人
▪ throw / put your weight behind sth 
   to use all your influence and power to support sth  鼎力支持；全力相助
▪ weight of 'numbers 
   the combined power, strength or influence of a group  人多势众；团队力量(或影响):
   They won the argument by sheer weight of numbers.   他们纯粹靠人多势众在争论中获胜。 
⇨ more at groan v., pull v., worth adj. verb[VN] 
ATTACH HEAVY OBJECT 附上重物 
1. ~ sth (down) (with sth) to attach a weight to sth in order to keep it in the right position or make it heavier  在…上加重量；使负重；(用重物)固定:
   The fishing nets are weighted with lead.   这些渔网是靠铅坠下沉的。 
GIVE IMPORTANCE 重视 
2. [usually passive] to give different values to things to show how important you think each of them is compared with the others  使加权:
   The results of the survey were weighted to allow for variations in the sample.   这次调查的结果进行了加权处理,以包容样本中的偏差。 
   a weighted vote (= one that is worth more than a single vote)   加权选票 
   (NAmE) a weighted grade (= given at school for a course that is more advanced or harder and so has a higher value)   加权分数 


————————————
★☆☆   weight belt
'weight belt noun   a belt or jacket which helps you to stay underwater, for example when diving or doing exercises  (潜水等用的)负重腰带,负重夹克, 配重带


————————————
★☆☆   weighted
weight·ed / ˈweitid / adjective ənot before noun]
   ~ towards / against sb / sth | ~ in favour of sb / sth arranged in such a way that a particular person or thing has an advantage or a disadvantage  有利(或不利)于
   SYN  biased :
   The proposal is weighted towards smaller businesses.   这项提议对小型企业有利。 
   Everything seemed weighted against them.   一切似乎都与他们过不去。 
   The course is heavily weighted in favour of engineering.   这门课程非常侧重于工程学。 


————————————
★☆☆   weighting
weight·ing / ˈweitiŋ / noun1. əu] (ɑrə) extra money that you get paid for working in a particular area because it is expensive to live there  (发放给在生活费用高的地区工作的人的)额外津贴,生活补贴
2. [C, U] a value that you give to each of a number of things to show how important it is compared with the others  加权值:
   Each of the factors is given a weighting on a scale of 1 to 10.   每种因素按 1 至 10 之间的数值加权。 
   Each question in the exam has equal weighting.   考试中每道题的分值相等。 


————————————
★☆☆   weightless
weight·less / ˈweitləs / adjective   having no weight or appearing to have no weight, for example because there is no gravity   无重量的；似无重量的；失重的:
   Astronauts work in weightless conditions.   宇航员在失重的条件下工作。 
• weight·less·ness noun [U] 


————————————
★☆☆   weightlifting
weight·lift·ing / ˈweitliftiŋ / noun əu]
   the sport or activity of lifting heavy weights  举重
• weight·lift·er noun 


————————————
★☆☆   weighty
weighty / ˈweiti / adjective (weight·ier, weighti·est) (formal) 
1. important and serious  严重的；重要的；重大的:
   weighty matters   重大事情 
2. heavy  重的；沉重的:
   a weighty volume / tome   大部头书 
• weight·ily / -ili / adv. 
• weighti·ness noun [U] 


————————————
★☆☆   weir
weir / wiə(r); ŋæmə wir / noun   a low wall or barrier built across a river in order to control the flow of water or change its direction  堰；拦河坝；导流坝


————————————
★☆☆   weird
weird / wiəd; ŋæmə wird / adjective (weird·er, weird·est)
1. very strange or unusual and difficult to explain  奇异的；不寻常的；怪诞的:
   a weird dream   离奇的梦 
   SYN  strange :
   She's a really weird girl.   她真是个古怪的女孩。 
   He's got some weird ideas.   他有些怪念头。 
   It's really weird seeing yourself on television.   看到自己上了电视感觉怪怪的。 
   the weird and wonderful creatures that live beneath the sea  奇异美丽的海底生物 
2. strange in a mysterious and frightening way  离奇的；诡异的
   SYN  eerie :
   She began to make weird inhuman sounds.   她开始发出可怕的非人的声音。 
• weird·ly adv.:
   The town was weirdly familiar.   这个城镇怪面熟的。 
• weird·ness noun [U] 


————————————
★☆☆   weirdo
weirdo / ˈwiədəu; ŋæmə ˈwirdou / noun (pl. -os / -əuz / )
   (informal, disapproving) a person who looks strange and / or behaves in a strange way  (长相或行为)古怪的人；怪人


————————————
★☆☆   welch
welch / weltʃ; welʃ / verb = welsh 


————————————
★☆☆   welcome
wel·come / ˈwelkəm / verb1. ~ sb (to sth) to say hello to sb in a friendly way when they arrive somewhere  (打招呼)欢迎(某人的到来):
  ▪ [VN] 
   They were at the door to welcome us.   他们在门口迎接我们。 
   It is a pleasure to welcome you to our home.   很高兴欢迎您光临舍下。 
  ▪ [V] 
   a welcoming smile   欢迎的微笑 
2. [VN] to be pleased that sb has come or has joined an organization, activity, etc.  欢迎(新来的人)；迎新:
   They welcomed the new volunteers  with open arms (= with enthusiasm).  他们热烈欢迎这些新的志愿者。 
3. [VN] to be pleased to receive or accept sth  乐意接纳；欣然接受:
   I'd welcome any suggestions.   任何建议我都会愉快地接受。 
   I warmly welcome this decision.  我热烈欢迎这一决定。 
   In general, the changes they had made were to be welcomed.   总的来说,他们所作的这些变动都会被欣然接受。 adjective1. that you are pleased to have, receive, etc.  令人愉快的；受欢迎的:
   a welcome sight   赏心悦目的景象 
   Your letter was very welcome.   很高兴收到你的信。 
   The fine weather made a welcome change.  天气转晴,令人心旷神怡。 
2. (of people 人) accepted or wanted somewhere  受欢迎的；受款待的:
   Children are always welcome at the hotel.   儿童在旅馆里总是受到款待。 
   Our neighbours made us welcome as soon as we arrived.  我们一到就受到了邻居们的欢迎。 
   I had the feeling we were not welcome at the meeting.   我有种感觉,人家并不欢迎我们参加这个会议。 
3. ~ to do sth (informal) used to say that you are happy for sb to do sth if they want to  (表示乐于让某人做某事)可随意:
   They're welcome to stay here as long as they like.   他们在这里愿意住多久就住多久。 
4. ~ to sth (informal) used to say that you are very happy for sb to have sth because you definitely do not want it  (表示十分乐于让他人取去自己不想要的事物)尽管…好了:
   It's an awful job. If you want it, you're welcome to it !  这事真难办。你要是想做就交给你做好了！ 
 IDIOMS 
▪ you're 'welcome 
   (especially NAmE) used as a polite reply when sb thanks you for sth  别客气；不用谢；哪里话:
   'Thanks for your help.' 'You're welcome.'   "多谢你的帮助。" "别客气。" noun1. [C, U] something that you do or say to sb when they arrive, especially sth that makes them feel you are happy to see them  迎接；接待；欢迎:
   Thank you for your warm welcome.  感谢你们的热情接待。 
   The winners were given an enthusiastic  welcome when they arrived home.  获胜者凯旋而归时受到了热烈欢迎。 
   a speech / smile of welcome   欢迎辞；欢迎的微笑 
   to receive a hero's welcome   受到英雄般的欢迎 
2. [C] the way that people react to sth, which shows their opinion of it  (表明看法的)反应方式,对待,接受:
   This new comedy deserves a warm welcome.  这出新喜剧值得受到热烈欢迎。 
   The proposals were given a cautious  welcome by the trade unions.  这些建议受到了工会谨慎的对待。 
▪ outstay / overstay your 'welcome 
   to stay somewhere as a guest longer than you are wanted  作客太久而不再受欢迎exclamation   used as a greeting to tell sb that you are pleased that they are there  欢迎:
   Welcome home!   欢迎归来！ 
   Welcome to Oxford!   欢迎您来到牛津！ 
   Good evening everybody. Welcome to the show!   诸位,晚上好。欢迎观看本次演出！ 


————————————
★☆☆   welcome mat
'welcome mat noun IDIOMS 
▪ lay, put, roll, etc. out the 'welcome mat (for sb) 
(especially NAmE) 
   to make sb feel welcome; to try to attract visitors, etc.  使感到受欢迎；设法吸引(客人等)


————————————
★☆☆   welcoming
wel·com·ing / ˈwelkəmiŋ / adjective1. (of a person 人) friendly towards sb who is visiting or arriving  (对来访或到达的人)欢迎的,热情的,友好的
2. (of a place 地方) attractive and looking comfortable to be in  令人感到惬意的；舒适的
   OPP unwelcoming 


————————————
★☆☆   weld
weld / weld / verb1. ~ æ and ɑ (together) | ~ æ (on) to ɑ to join pieces of metal together by heating their edges and pressing them together  焊接；熔接；锻接:
  ▪ [VN] 
   to weld a broken axle   焊接一条断裂的轴 
   The car has had a new wing welded on.   这辆汽车焊上了一块新挡泥板。 
   All the parts of the sculpture have to be welded together.   这件雕塑所有的部件都必须焊接在一起。 
  ▪ [also V] 
2. [VN] ~ sb / sth into sth | ~ sth together to unite people or things into a strong and effective group  使紧密结合；使连成整体:
   They had welded a bunch of untrained recruits into an efficient fighting force.   他们把一群未经训练的新兵组织成了一支有战斗力的部队。 
   The crisis helped to weld the party together.   这场危机促使整个党紧密地团结在一起。 noun   a joint made by welding   焊接点；焊接处


————————————
★☆☆   welder
weld·er / ˈweldə(r) / noun   a person whose job is welding metal  焊工


————————————
★☆☆   welfare
wel·fare / ˈwelfeə(r); ŋæmə -fer / noun əu] 
1. the general health, happiness and safety of a person, an animal or a group  (个体或群体的)幸福,安全与健康
   SYN  well-being :
   We are concerned about the child's welfare.   我们关注那个孩子的福祉。 
2. practical or financial help that is provided, often by the government, for people or animals that need it  (政府给予的)福利:
   The state is still the main provider of welfare.   政府仍然是福利的主要提供者。 
   child welfare   儿童福利 
   a social welfare programme   社会福利计划 
   welfare provision / services / work   福利供给/机构/工作 
3. (especially NAmE) = social security (1) :
   They would rather work than live on welfare.  他们宁愿工作而不靠社会保障金过活。 


————————————
★☆☆   welfare state
ˌwelfare 'state noun1. (often the Welfare State) [usually sing.] a system by which the government provides a range of free services to people who need them, for example medical care, money for people without work, care for old people, etc.  福利制度(由政府向有需要的人提供各种免费服务,如医疗、失业救济金、对老人的照顾等)
2. [C] a country that has such a system  福利国家


————————————
★☆☆   welkin
wel·kin / ˈwelkin / noun əu]
   (literary or old use) the sky or heaven  天空；苍穹
 IDIOMS 
▪ let / make the welkin 'ring 
   to make a very loud noise  响彻云霄


————————————
★☆☆   well
well / wel / adverb (bet·ter / ˈbetə(r) / best / best / )
1. in a good, right or acceptable way  好；对；令人满意地:
   The kids all behaved well.   孩子们都很有礼貌。 
   The conference was very well organized.   这次会议组织得很好。 
   Well done! (= expressing admiration for what sb has done)   干得好！ 
   His campaign was not going well.  他的竞选活动进展得不顺利。 
   These animals make very good pets if treated well (= with kindness).  这些动物受到爱护就会很温顺。 
   People spoke well of (= spoke with approval of) him.  人们对他的评价很高。 
   She took it very  well (= did not react too badly), all things considered.  总的说来,她承受得还挺不错。 
   They lived well (= in comfort and spending a lot of money) and were generous with their money.  他们生活优裕,花钱大方。 
   She was determined to marry well (= marry sb rich and / or with a high social position).  她决意嫁给有钱有势的人。 
2. thoroughly and completely  完全地；彻底地；全部地:
   Add the lemon juice and mix well.   加进柠檬汁并搅拌均匀。 
   The surface must be well prepared before you start to paint.   一定要把表面打磨好再开始粉刷。 
   How well do you know Carla?   你跟卡拉有多熟？ 
   He's well able to take care of himself.   他完全能够自理。 (BrE, informal) 
   I was well annoyed, I can tell you.   我跟你说吧,我那时气坏了。 
3. to a great extent or degree  很；相当；大大地；远远地:
   He was driving at well over the speed limit.   他当时开车的速度远远超过了限制。 
   a well-loved tale   深受喜爱的故事 
   The castle is well worth a visit.  这座城堡很值得参观。 
   He liked her well enough (= to a reasonable degree) but he wasn't going to make a close friend of her.  他够喜欢她的,但并不打算和她结为密友。 
4. can / could ~ easily  容易地；轻松地:
   She could well afford to pay for it herself.   她自己完全买得起。 
5. can / could / may / might ~ probably  很可能:
   You may well be right.   你很可能是对的。 
   It may well be that the train is delayed.  火车很可能晚点了。 
6. can / could / may / might ~ with good reason  有充分理由；合理地:
   I can't very well leave now.  我现在离开不太合适。 
   I couldn't very well refuse to help them, could I?  我没有理由拒绝帮助他们,是不是？ 
   'What are we doing here?' ' You may well ask (= I don't really know either).'  "我们在这儿干什么呢？" "你算问对了(我也不知道)。" 
 IDIOMS 
▪ as well (as sb / sth) 
   in addition to sb / sth; too  除…之外；也；还:
   Are they coming as well?   他们也来吗？ 
   They sell books as well as newspapers.   他们既卖报也卖书。 
   She is a talented musician as well as being a photographer.   她不但是个摄影师而且还是个天才的音乐家。 
⇨ note at also 
▪ be doing 'well 
   to be getting healthier after an illness; to be in good health after a birth  (病后)康复,恢复良好；(产后)平安,健康:
   Mother and baby are doing well.   母子平安。 
▪ (you, etc.) may / might as well be hanged / hung for a ˌsheep as (for) a 'lamb    (saying) if you are going to be punished for doing sth wrong, whether it is a big or small thing, you may as well do the big thing  与其偷羊羔被绞死,不如偷只羊；一不做,二不休
▪ be well on the way to sth / doing sth 
   to have nearly achieved sth and be going to achieve it soon  即将达到；将要成就:
   She is well on the way to recovery.   她就要康复了。 
   He is well on the way to establishing himself among the top two players in the world.   他很快就会成为排名世界前十位的选手。 
▪ be ˌwell 'out of sth 
(ɑrə, informal) 
   to be lucky that you are not involved in sth  幸运地与…无关；幸亏没有卷入
▪ be ˌwell 'up in sth 
   to know a lot about sth  精通；熟悉:
   He's well up in all the latest developments.   他对所有的最新发展情况都了如指掌。 
▪ do 'well 
   to be successful  成功:
   Jack is doing very well at school.   杰克在学校里学习成绩斐然。 
▪ do 'well by sb 
   to treat sb generously  善待；慷慨对待
▪ do 'well for yourself 
   to become successful or rich  成功；发家致富
▪ do 'well out of sb / sth 
   to make a profit or get money from sb / sth  获利于；从…中获取钱财
▪ do 'well to do sth 
   to be sensible or wise to do sth  做…明智(或聪明):
   He would do well to concentrate more on his work.  他最好还是更加集中精力在工作上。 
   You did well to sell when the price was high.   你在价钱高的时候出售,真明智。 
▪ leave / let well a'lone 
(BrE) (NAmE let well enough a'lone) 
   to not get involved in sth that does not concern you  不管闲事；事不关己高高挂起:
   When it comes to other people's arguments, it's better to leave well alone.   遇到别人争论时,最好别插嘴。 
▪ may / might (just) as well do sth 
   to do sth because it seems best in the situation that you are in, although you may not really want to do it  做…倒也无妨；只好做(某事):
   If no six else wants it, we might as well give it to him.   如果没人要这个,我们不妨给他吧。 
▪ ˌwell and 'truly    (informal) completely  完全；彻底:
   By that time we were well and truly lost.   那时候我们已经完全迷路了。 
▪ 'well away 
(BrE, informal) 
1. having made good progress  有很大进步；大有进展:
   If we got Terry to do that, we'd be well away.   假若我们让特里干这事,我们就会有很大成绩。 
2. drunk or fast asleep  酒醉；沉睡
▪ ˌwell 'in (with sb)    (informal) to be good friends with sb, especially sb important  为(尤指要人)的知己:
   She seems to be well in with all the right people.   她似乎和所有大人物都关系很好。 
⇨ more at bloody ¹, fucking , jolly adv., know v., mean v., pretty adv. adjective (bet·ter / ˈbetə(r) / best / best / )
1. ənot usually before noun] in good health  健康；身体好:
   I don't feel very  well.  我觉得身体不太好。 
   Is she well enough to travel?   她身体怎么样,能够旅行了吗？ 
   Get well soon! (= for example, on a card)   愿早日康复！ 
   I'm better now, thank you.   我现在好些了,谢谢您。 
  (informal) He's not a well man.   他身体不太好。 
2. [not before noun] in a good state or position  状态良好；情况良好:
   It seems that all is not well at home.  看来家中并非事事如意。 
   All's well that ends well (= used when sth has ended happily, even though you thought it might not).  结果好就算一切都好。 
3. [not before noun] (as) ~ (to do sth) sensible; a good idea  明智；可取；好主意:
   It would be just as well to call and say we might be late.  还是打个电话说一声我们可能到得晚些比较好。 
  (formal) It would be well to start early.   最好还是早点动身。 
▪ ˌall very 'well (for sb) (to do sth) 
   (informal) used to criticize or reject a remark that sb has made, especially when they were trying to make you feel happier about sth  (用于批评或反驳)某人尽可做某事:
   It's all very well for you to say it doesn't matter, but I've put a lot of work into this and I want it to be a success.   你说这无所谓当然容易,可是我却已经花费很大力气而且想要取得成功。 
▪ ˌall well and 'good    (informal) quite good but not exactly what is wanted  好倒是好(但并不完全合乎心意):
   That's all well and good, but why didn't he call her to say so?   那好倒是好,可是他为什么不给她打电话这样说呢？ exclamation1. used to express surprise, anger or relief  (表示惊奇、愤怒或宽慰)哎呀,哟,啊,好啦:
   Well, well —I would never have guessed it!  哟,哟,我怎么也不会猜到那儿去！ 
   Well, really! What a thing to say!  啊,真是的！太不像话了！ 
   Well, thank goodness that's over!   好啦,谢天谢地,这件事总算过去了！ 
2. used to show that you accept that sth cannot be changed  (承认某事不可改变)唉,好吧:
   Well, it can't be helped.   唉,这没有办法。 
   'We lost.' ' Oh, well. Better luck next time.'  "我们输了。" "啊,算了。愿下次交好运。" 
3. used to agree to sth, rather unwillingly  (勉强同意)嗯,好吧:
   Well, I suppose I could fit you in at 3.45.   好吧,我想可以在 3:45 见你。 
   Oh, very well, then, if you insist.  啊,那好吧,如果你坚持的话。 
4. used when continuing a conversation after a pause  (停顿后继续交谈)唔,这个,噢:
   Well, as I was saying...   噢,我刚才是说… 
5. used to say that sth is uncertain  (表示不肯定)哦:
   'Do you want to come?' 'Well, I'm not sure.'   "你想来吗？" "哦,我还说不好。" 
6. used to show that you are waiting for sb to say sth  (等待别人说话)嘿,嗨:
   Well? Are you going to tell us or not?   嗯？你想不想告诉我们？ 
7. used to mark the end of a conversation  (结束交谈)就这样,好啦:
   Well, I'd better be going now.   就这样,我现在该走了。 
8. used when you are pausing to consider your next words  (说话时稍微停顿)对了,噢:
   I think it happened, well, towards the end of last summer.   我想事情发生在,对了,快到上个夏末的时候。 
9. used when you want to correct or change sth that you have just said  (纠正或改变刚说过的话时用):
   There were thousands of people there—well, hundreds, anyway.   那里有数以千计的人,噢,至少几百人。 
▪ well I 'never ('did)! 
   (old-fashioned) used to express surprise  (表示惊奇)哟,我可从未做过(或听说过)这样的事
⇨ more at say v. noun1. a deep hole in the ground from which people obtain water. The sides of wells are usually covered with brick or stone and there is usually some covering or a small wall at the top of the well.  井；水井
2. = oil well 
3. a narrow space in a building that drops down from a high to a low level and usually contains stairs or a lift / elevator  楼梯井；电梯井道
⇨ see also stairwell 
4. (BrE) the space in front of the judge in a court, where the lawyers sit  (法庭中的)律师席verb [V] ~ (up) 
1. (of a liquid 液体) to rise to the surface of sth and start to flow  涌出；冒出；流出；溢出:
   Tears were welling up in her eyes.   她热泪盈眶。 
2. (literary) (of an emotion 情感) to become stronger  涌起；迸发:
   Hate welled up inside him as he thought of the ten of them together.   他一想到他们俩在一起就恨得咬牙切齿。 


————————————
★☆☆   we'll
we'll / wi:l; wil / short form1. we will
2. we shall


————————————
★☆☆   well adjusted
ˌwell ad'justed adjective   (of a person 人) able to deal with people, problems and life in general in a normal, sensible way  能适应环境的；能自如地待人接物的；稳重的
⇨ compare maladjusted 


————————————
★☆☆   well advised
ˌwell ad'vised adjective [not before noun]
   ~ (to do sth) acting in the most sensible way  审慎；稳妥:
   You would be well advised to tackle this problem urgently.  你还是抓紧处理这个问题为好。 
⇨ compare ill-advised 


————————————
★☆☆   well appointed
ˌwell ap'pointed adjective   (formal)having all the necessary equipment; having comfortable and attractive furniture, etc.  设备齐全的；陈设讲究的


————————————
★☆☆   well attended
ˌwell at'tended adjective   attended by a lot of people  有许多人出席的；座无虚席的:
   a well-attended conference   与会者甚多的会议 


————————————
★☆☆   well balanced
ˌwell 'balanced adjective1. containing a sensible variety of the sort of things or people that are needed  很均衡的；很均匀的:
   a well-balanced diet   均衡的饮食 
   The team was not well balanced.   这个队的队员配备得不是很均衡。 
2. (of a person or their behaviour 人或其行为) sensible and emotionally in control  通情达理的；头脑清醒的；情绪稳定的:
   His response was well balanced.   他的反应很沉着。 


————————————
★☆☆   well behaved
ˌwell be'haved adjective   behaving in a way that other people think is polite or correct  彬彬有礼的；行为端正的:
   a well-behaved child   规规矩矩的孩子 
   The audience was surprisingly well behaved.   观众令人出奇地守秩序。 


————————————
★☆☆   well-being
'well-being noun [U]
   general health and happiness  健康；安乐；康乐:
   emotional / physical / psychological well-being   情绪/身体/心理健康 
   to have a sense of well-being   有一种心旷神怡的感觉 


