————————————
★☆☆   wooden
wood·en / ˈwudn / adjective1. əusually before noun] made of wood  木制的；木头的:
   a wooden box   木箱 
2. not showing enough natural expression, emotion or movement  木头似的；死板的；呆板的；木讷的
   SYN  stiff :
   The actor playing the father was too wooden.   饰演父亲的演员太呆板。 
• wood·en·ly adv.:
   She speaks her lines very woodenly.   她台词念得毫无表情。 
• wood·en·ness noun [U] 


————————————
★☆☆   wooden spoon
ˌwooden 'spoon noun   a spoon made of wood, used in cooking for stirring and mixing  木匙；木勺
 IDIOMS 
▪ get, win, take, etc. the ˌwooden 'spoon 
(ɑrə, informal) 
   to come last in a race or competition  (在赛跑或比赛中)获得最后一名,成为末名


————————————
★☆☆   woodland
wood·land / ˈwudlənd / noun əu, ɔ]
   (also wood·lands əpl.]) an area of land that is covered with trees  树林；林地；林区:
   ancient woodland   原始林区 
   The house is fringed by fields and woodlands.   这房子的周围是田地和树林。 
   woodland walks   林地小径 


————————————
★☆☆   woodlouse
wood·louse / ˈwudlaus / noun (pl. wood·lice / ˈwudlais / )
   a small grey creature like an insect, with a hard shell, that lives in decaying wood or damp soil  潮虫


————————————
★☆☆   woodman
wood·man / ˈwudmən / noun (pl. -men / -mən / )
   (also woods·man) a person who works or lives in a forest, taking care of and sometimes cutting down trees, etc.  护林人；伐木工；樵夫


————————————
★☆☆   woodpecker
wood·peck·er / ˈwudpekə(r) / noun   a bird with a long beak that it uses to make holes in trees when it is looking for insects to eat  啄木鸟


————————————
★☆☆   wood pigeon
'wood pigeon noun   a bird of the pigeon family, that lives in woods and fields rather than in cities  林鸽；斑尾鸽


————————————
★☆☆   woodpile
wood·pile / ˈwudpail / noun   a pile of wood that will be used for fuel  木柴堆


————————————
★☆☆   wood pulp
'wood pulp noun [U]
   wood that has been broken into small pieces and crushed until it is soft. It is used for making paper.  木浆(用于造纸)


————————————
★☆☆   woodshed
wood·shed / ˈwudʃed / noun   a small building for storing wood in, especially for fuel  木料间；(尤指)柴房,柴棚


————————————
★☆☆   woodsman
woods·man / ˈwudzmən / noun (pl. -men / -mən / ) = woodman 


————————————
★☆☆   woodsy
woodsy / ˈwudzi / adjective   (informal, especially ŋæmə)covered with trees; connected with woods  树林覆盖的；树林的


————————————
★☆☆   woodturning
wood·turn·ing / ˈwudtə:niŋ; ŋæmə -tə:rn- / noun əu]
   the process of shaping a piece of wood by turning it against a sharp tool on a machine (called a lathe )  木工车床加工
• wood·turn·er noun 


————————————
★☆☆   woodwind
wood·wind / ˈwudwind / noun əu + sing. / pl. v.]
   (also wood·winds əpl.] especially in ŋæmə) the group of musical instruments in an orchestra that are mostly made of wood or metal and are played by blowing. ʃlutes , clarinets and bassoons are all woodwind instruments.  (管弦乐团的)木管乐器,木管乐器组:
   the woodwind section of the orchestra   管弦乐队的木管乐器组 
⇨ compare brass (2), percussion , string  n. (6), wind ¹ n. (4), wind instrument 


————————————
★☆☆   woodwork
wood·work / ˈwudwə:k; ŋæmə -wə:rk / noun əu] 
1. things made of wood in a building or room, such as doors and stairs  (建筑物或房间的)木建部份,木构件,木制品:
   The woodwork needs painting.   木建部份需要上油漆。 
   (BrE) He hit the woodwork (= the wooden frame of the goal in the game of football /  soccer , etc.) twice before scoring.  他两次射门击中球门框之后,终得进球。 
2. (BrE) (also 'wood·work·ing NAmE, BrE) the activity or skill of making things from wood  木工活；木工手艺
 IDIOMS 
▪ blend / fade into the 'woodwork 
   to behave in a way that does not attract any attention; to disappear or hide  默默无闻；销声匿迹；蛰伏
▪ come / crawl out of the 'woodwork 
   (informal, disapproving) if you say that sb comes / crawls out of the woodwork, you mean that they have suddenly appeared in order to express an opinion or to take advantage of a situation  突然露面；纷纷出笼:
   When he won the lottery, all sorts of distant relatives came out of the woodwork.   他博彩中奖后,八杆子打不着的亲戚都突然来登门造访。 


————————————
★☆☆   woodworm
wood·worm / ˈwudwə:m; ŋæmə -wə:rm / noun1. əɔ] a small worm that eats wood, making a lot of small holes in it  木蛀虫；木蠹
2. [U] the damage caused by woodworms   木蛀虫害；木蠹虫害:
   The beams are riddled with woodworm.   这些木梁被蛀虫蛀得都是洞。 


————————————
★☆☆   woody
woody / ˈwudi / adjective1. (of plants 植物) having a thick, hard stem like wood  木本的；木质的
2. covered with trees  长满树木的；树木茂盛的:
   a woody valley   树木茂盛的山谷 
3. having a smell like wood  像木头味的


————————————
★☆☆   woof
woof / wuf / exclamation(informal) 
   a word used to describe the loud noise that a dog makes  (狗叫声)汪汪:
   'Woof! Woof!' he barked.   "汪！汪！"它叫着。 verbwoof 
  ▪ [V] noun= weft 


————————————
★☆☆   woofer
woof·er / ˈwu:fə(r) / noun   a loudspeaker for reproducing the low notes in a sound system   (音响系统的)低音扬声器,低音喇叭
⇨ compare tweeter 


————————————
★☆☆   wool
wool / wul / noun əu] 
1. the soft fine hair that covers the body of sheep, goats and some other animals  (羊等的)绒,毛
2. long thick thread made from animal's wool, used for knitting  毛线；绒线:
   a ball of wool   一团毛线 
3. cloth made from animal's wool, used for making clothes, etc.  毛料；毛织物:
   This scarf is 100% wool.   这条披肩是全毛的。 
   pure new wool   纯新毛料 
   a wool blanket   毛毯 
⇨ see also cotton wool , dyed in the wool , lambswool , steel wool , wire wool 
 IDIOMS 
⇨ see pull v.


————————————
★☆☆   woollen
wool·len (BrE) (NAmE wool·en) / ˈwulən / adjective1. əusually before noun] made of wool  毛纺的；羊毛的；毛料的；毛线的:
   a woollen blanket   毛毯 
   woollen cloth   毛料 
2. [only before noun] involved in making cloth from wool  毛纺的；毛纺织业的:
   the woollen industry   毛纺业 


————————————
★☆☆   woollens
wool·lens (BrE) (NAmE wool·ens) / ˈwulənz / noun əpl.]
   clothes made of wool, especially knitted clothes  (尤指针织的)毛衣


————————————
★☆☆   woolly
wool·ly / ˈwuli / adjective (ŋæmə also wooly) 
1. covered with wool or with hair like wool  有毛覆盖的；毛状物覆盖的:
   woolly monkeys   毛茸茸的猴子 
2. (informal, especially BrE) made of wool; like wool  毛制的；毛的；似毛的
   SYN  woollen :
   a woolly hat   毛质的帽子 
3. (of people or their ideas, etc. 人或思想等) not thinking clearly; not clearly expressed  糊涂的；混乱的；模糊的
   SYN  confused :
   woolly arguments   混乱的论点 
• wool·li·ness noun [U] noun (pl. -ies) (informal) 
1. (BrE, becoming old-fashioned) a piece of clothing made of wool, especially one that has been knitted  毛料衣服；(尤指针织的)毛线衣
2. (AustralE, NZE) a sheep  羊


————————————
★☆☆   Woop Woop
Woop Woop / ˈwup wup / noun   (æustralə, informal) a humorous name for a town or area that is a long way from a big city  偏远城镇(或地区)


————————————
★☆☆   woozy
woozy / ˈwu:zi / adjective (informal) 
1. feeling unsteady, confused and unable to think clearly  眩晕的；头昏的；晕头胀脑的
2. (especially NAmE) feeling as though you might vomit   恶心的；要呕吐的


————————————
★☆☆   wop
wop / wɔp; ŋæmə wɑ:p / noun   (taboo, slang)a very offensive word for a person from southern əurope, especially an ɪtalian  南欧人；南蛮子；(尤指)意大利佬


————————————
★☆☆   Worcester sauce
Wor·ces·ter sauce / ˌwustə ˈsɔ:s; ŋæmə ˌwustər / (also θor·ces·ter·shire sauce / ˌwustəʃə; ŋæmə ˌwustərʃir / ) noun əu]
   a dark thin sauce made of vinegar , soy sauce and spices  伍斯特沙司(用醋、酱油和香料调制而成)


————————————
★☆☆   word
word / wə:d; ŋæmə wə:rd / nounuŋɪð Oʃ ɚæŋGuæGə 语言单位 
1. əɔ] a single unit of language which means sth and can be spoken or written  单词；词；字:
   Do not write more than 200 words.   写的东西不要超过 200 字。 
   Do you know the words to this song?   你知道这首歌的歌词吗？ 
   What's the Spanish word for 'table'?  table 一词在西班牙语里叫什么？ 
   He was a true friend in all senses of the word.  从任何意义上来说他都是位真正的朋友。 
   Tell me what happened in your own words.  用你自己的话告诉我出了什么事。 
   I could hear every word they were saying.   我可以听到他们说的每一个字。 
   He couldn't find the words to thank her enough.  他找不出适当的话语来充分表达对她的感激之情。 
   Words fail me (= I cannot express how I feel).  我无法用语言来表达我的感情。 
   There are no words to say how sorry we are.   我们十分后悔,实在无以言喻。 
   I can't remember her exact words.   我记不清她的原话了。 
   Angry is not the word for it —I was furious.  说"生气"都不够——我是怒不可遏。 
⇨ see also buzzword , four-letter word , household word  at  household name , swear word 
STH YOU SAY 说的话 
2. [C] a thing that you say; a remark or statement  说的话；话语；言语:
   Have a word with Pat and see what she thinks.  和帕特谈一谈,看她是怎么想的。 
   Could I have a quick word with you (= speak to you quickly) ?  我能跟你快点儿说句话吗？ 
   A word of warning : read the instructions very carefully.  警示:仔细阅读说明。 
   words of love   情话 
   She left without a word (= without saying anything).  她一句话也没说就走了。 
   I don't believe a word of his story (= I don't believe any of it).  他说的这件事我一句都不相信。 
   a man of few words (= who doesn't talk very much)   少言寡语的男子 
   I'd like to say a few words about future plans.   我想就今后的计划说几句。 
   Remember— not a word to (= don't tell) Peter about any of this.  记住,对彼得可要只字不提这件事的任何情况。 
   He never breathed a word of this to me.  这事他从来没向我透露过一点风声。 
PROMISE 诺言 
3. [sing.] a promise or guarantee that you will do sth or that sth will happen or is true  诺言；许诺；保证:
   I give you my word that this won't happen again.  我向你保证这种事不会再次发生。 
   I give you my word of honour (= my sincere promise)...  我向你庄严承诺… 
   We never doubted her word.   我们从不怀疑她的许诺。 
   We only have his word for it that the cheque is in the post.  他只是向我们保证支票在邮寄之中。 
   to keep your word (= do what you promised)   遵守诺言 
   He promised to help and was as good as his word (= did what he promised).  他答应帮忙,并且说话算数。 
   He's a man of his word (= he does what he promises).  他是个守信用的人。 
   I trusted her not to go back on her word (= break her promise).  我相信她不会食言。 
   I can't prove it—you'll have to take my word for it (= believe me).  我无法证明此事,你就相信我好了。 
INFORMATION / NEWS 信息；消息 
4. [sing.] a piece of information or news  信息；消息:
   There's been no word from them since before Christmas.   自圣诞节前就一直没有他们的消息。 
   She sent word that she would be late.  她捎信来说她要晚些来。 
   If word gets out about the affair, he will have to resign.  要是这一绯闻传出去,他就得辞职。 
   Word has it that she's leaving.  据说她要走了。 
   The word is they've split up.  据说他们离异了。 
   He likes to spread the word about the importance of healthy eating.  他喜欢宣传保健饮食的重要性。 
BIBLE 《圣经》 
5. the Word (also the ˌθord of 'God) əsing.] the ɑible and its teachings  《圣经》；福音
 IDIOMS 
▪ by ˌword of 'mouth 
   because people tell each other and not because they read about it  口头上；经口述:
   The news spread by word of mouth.   这消息是口头传开的。 
▪ (right) from the word 'go    (informal) from the very beginning  从一开始
▪ (not) get a word in 'edgeways 
(BrE) (NAmE (not) get a word in 'edgewise) 
   (not) to be able to say anything because sb else is speaking too much  (因别人说话太多)插(不上)嘴:
   When Mary starts talking, no six else can get a word in edgeways.   玛丽讲起话来,别人谁也插不上嘴。 
▪ have a word in sb's 'ear 
(BrE) 
   to speak to sb privately about sth  和…说私话；与…密谈
▪ have / exchange 'words (with sb) (about sth) 
(especially BrE) 
   to have an argument with sb  (与某人)争论,争吵:
   We've had words.   我们吵过架。 
   Words were exchanged.   发生过争吵了。 
▪ in 'other words 
   used to introduce an explanation of sth  换句话说；也就是说；换言之:
   They asked him to leave—in other words he was fired.   他们请他走人,也就是说,他被解雇了。 
▪ (not) in so / as many 'words 
   (not) in exactly the same words as sb says were used  (并非)一字不差地,原原本本地:
   'Did she say she was sorry?' 'Not in so many words.'   "她道歉了没有？" "没有直截了当地说。" 
   He didn't approve of the plan and said so in as many words.   他明确地说他不同意这计划。 
▪ in a 'word 
   (informal) used for giving a very short, usually negative, answer or comment  简言之；一句话；总之:
   'Would you like to help us?' 'In a word, no.'   "你愿意帮助我们吗？" "一句话,不愿意。" 
▪ in words of six 'syllable 
   using very simple language  用极其简单的言语:
   Could you say that again in words of six syllable?   你能用很简单的言语把这再说一遍吗？ 
▪ the last / final word (on sth) 
   the last comment or decision about sth  (对某事的)最后意见,最后决定:
   He always has to have the last word in any argument.  在任何争论中总是得他最后说了算。 
▪ (upon) my 'word 
   (old-fashioned) used to show that you are surprised about sth  (表示惊奇)哎呀,咦
▪ not have a good word to 'say for sb / sth    (informal) to never say anything good about sb / sth  从不说…的好话:
   Nobody had a good word to say about him.   没有一个人说过他好。 
▪ put in a (good) 'word for sb 
   to praise sb to sb else in order to help them get a job, etc.  为某人说好话；替某人美言；推荐某人
▪ put 'words into sb's mouth 
   to suggest that sb has said sth when in fact they have not  硬说某人说过某些话
▪ say / give the 'word 
   to give an order; to make a request  下命令；吩咐一下；提请求:
   Just say the word, and I'll go.   只要发句话,我就走。 
▪ take sb at their 'word 
   to believe exactly what sb says or promises  完全相信…的话(或许诺)；深信不疑
▪ take the 'words right out of sb's mouth 
   to say what sb else was going to say  说出…想要讲的话
▪ too funny, silly, ridiculous, etc. for 'words 
   extremely funny, silly, ridiculous, etc.  有趣(或愚蠢、荒唐等)得难以言表；极其有趣(或愚蠢、荒唐等)
▪ ˌword for 'word 
   in exactly the same words or (when translated) exactly equivalent words  一字不差地；(翻译时)逐字地:
   She repeated their conversation word for word to me.   她一字不差地把他们的谈话对我复述了一遍。 
   a word-for-word translation   逐字的翻译 
▪ sb's word is their 'bond 
   somebody's promise can be relied on completely  一诺千金；言而有信
▪ words to that ef'fect 
   used to show that you are giving the general meaning of what sb has said rather than the exact words  诸如此类的话；大致是这个意思的话:
   He told me to leave—or words to that effect.   他叫我离开,或诸如此类的话。 
⇨ more at action n., bandy v., dirty adj., eat , famous , hang v., last ¹ det. 
⇨ more at lost adj., mince v., mum adj., operative adj., play n., print v., war n., weigh , written verb [VN]
   [often passive] to write or say sth using particular words  措辞；用词:
   How was the letter worded (= what did it say exactly) ?  这封信到底写了些什么？ 
• word·ed adj.:
   a carefully worded speech   措辞严谨的演讲 
   a strongly worded letter of protest   措辞强硬的抗议信 exclamationword! (NAmE) 
   used to show that you accept or agree with what sb has just said  (表示接受或同意别人刚说的话)就是,说得对


————————————
★☆☆   word blindness
'word blindness noun [U]
   inability to recognize or read written words or letters  词盲；失读症
   SYN  alexia 


————————————
★☆☆   word break
'word break (also 'word division) noun   (technical 术语) a point at which a word is split between ten lines of text  断字(一个单词可在转行时断开的地方)


————————————
★☆☆   word class
'word class noun   (grammar 语法) one of the classes into which words are divided according to their grammar, such as noun, verb, adjective, etc.  词类
   SYN  part of speech 


————————————
★☆☆   wording
word·ing / ˈwə:diŋ; ŋæmə ˈwə:rd- / noun əu, ɔ, usually sing.]
   the words that are used in a piece of writing or speech, especially when they have been carefully chosen  措辞；用词:
   The wording was deliberately ambiguous.   这里的措辞故意模棱两可。 
⇨ note at language 


————————————
★☆☆   wordless
word·less / ˈwə:dləs; ŋæmə ˈwə:rd- / adjective (formal or literary) 
1. əusually before noun] without saying any words; silent  默默无言的；沉默的:
   a wordless cry / prayer   无言的痛哭；默默的祷告 
2. (of people 人) not saying anything  不语的；沉默寡言的
• word·less·ly adv. 


————————————
★☆☆   word-perfect
ˌword-'perfect (BrE) (NAmE ˌletter-'perfect) adjective   able to remember and repeat sth exactly without making any mistakes  过目成诵的；能背得滚瓜烂熟的


————————————
★☆☆   wordplay
word·play / ˈwə:dplei; ŋæmə ˈwə:rd- / noun əu]
   making jokes by using words in a clever or amusing way, especially by using a word that has two meanings, or different words that sound the same  巧妙的应答；双关语
⇨ compare pun 


————————————
★☆☆   word processing
'word processing noun [U]
   the use of a computer to create, store and print a piece of text, usually typed in from a keyboard  (计算机)文字处理


————————————
★☆☆   word processor
'word processor noun   a computer that runs a word processing program and is usually used for writing letters, reports, etc.  文字处理机


————————————
★☆☆   wordsearch
word·search / ˈwə:dsə:tʃ; ŋæmə ˈwə:rdsə:rtʃ / noun   a game consisting of letters arranged in a square, containing several hidden words that you must find  文字搜索游戏(从英文字母方格中找出隐藏的词)


————————————
★☆☆   wordsmith
word·smith / ˈwə:dsmiθ; ŋæmə ˈwə:rd- / noun   a person who is skilful at using words  词语大师


————————————
★☆☆   wordy
wordy / ˈwə:di; ŋæmə ˈwə:rdi / adjective   (usually disapproving)using too many words, especially formal ones  话多的；冗长的；罗嗦的
   SYN  verbose :
   a wordy and repetitive essay   一篇冗长繁复的文章 
• wordi·ness noun [U] 


————————————
★☆☆   wore
wore pt of wear 


————————————
★☆☆   work
work / wə:k; ŋæmə wə:rk / verbDO ʊOɑ / ðæSK 做工；执行任务 
1. ~ (at / on sth) to do sth that involves physical or mental effort, especially as part of a job  做体力(或脑力)工作；劳动；干活:
  ▪ [V] 
   I can't work if I'm cold.   我要是觉得冷就干不了活。 
   I've been working at my assignment all day.   我整天都在做作业。 
   He is working on a new novel.   他正在写一部新小说。 
   She's outside, working on the car.   她在外面修理汽车。 
  ▪ [VN] 
   Doctors often work very long hours.   医生经常长时间工作。 
2. [V] ~ (for sb / sth) | ~ (as sth) to have a job  受雇于；从事…工作:
   Both my parents work.   我父母都工作。 
   She works for an engineering company.   她在一家工程公司工作。 
   I've always worked in education.   我一直从事教育工作。 
   Do you enjoy working with children?   你喜欢做儿童工作吗？ 
   My son is working as a teacher.   我的儿子是当老师的。 
MAKE EFFORT 努力 
3. [VN] to make yourself / sb work, especially very hard  使工作；(尤指)使卖力干活:
   She works herself too hard.   她工作起来太不辞劳苦了。 
4. ~ (for sth) to make efforts to achieve sth  争取；力争；努力取得:
  ▪ [V] 
   She dedicated her life to working for peace.   她为争取和平奉献了自己的一生。 
  ▪ [V to inf] 
   The committee is working to get the prisoners freed.   委员会正在设法营救那些被监禁的人出狱。 
MANAGE 管理 
5. [VN] to manage or operate sth to gain benefit from it  管理,经营(以获利):
   to work the land (= grow crops on it, etc.)   耕种土地 
   He works a large area (= selling a company's goods, etc.).  他在一个大地区做营销工作。 
  (figurative) She was a skilful speaker who knew how to work a crowd (= to excite them or make them feel sth strongly).  她是个很有技巧的演讲者,善于感召听众。 
MACHINE / DEVICE 机器；装置 
6. [V] to function; to operate  运转；运行:
   The phone isn't working.   这部电话坏了。 
   It works by electricity.   这是电动的。 
   Are they any closer to understanding how the brain works?   他们对大脑功能的了解有进展吗？ 
7. [VN] to make a machine, device, etc. operate  开动,操作(机器、装置等)；使运作:
   Do you know how to work the coffee machine?   你会使用咖啡机吗？ 
   The machine is worked by wind power.   这台机器是以风力推动的。 
HAVE RESULT / EFFECT 有结果/作用 
8. [V] ~ (on sb / sth) to have the result or effect that you want  奏效；产生预期的结果(或作用):
   The pills the doctor gave me aren't working.   医生给我的药片不管事。 
   My plan worked, and I got them to agree.   我的计划奏效了,我让他们同意了。 
   His charm doesn't work on me (= does not affect or impress me).  我不为他的魅力所动。 
9. [V +adv. / prep.] to have a particular effect  产生…作用:
   Your age can work against you in this job.   你的年纪会妨碍你干这个工作。 
   Speaking Italian should work in his favour.   会说意大利语应对他有好处。 
10. [VN] to cause or produce sth as a result of effort  使奏效；(由于努力)造成,产生:
   You can work miracles with very little money if you follow our home decoration tips.   你要是按照我们的家居装饰诀窍行事,可以用很少的钱就产生奇妙的效果。 
USE MATERIAL 使用材料 
11. [VN] ~ sth (into sth) to make a material into a particular shape or form by pressing, stretching, hitting it, etc.  (通过压挤、拉长、锤击等)使成形,使定形:
   to work clay   制陶 
   to work gold   打制金器 
   to work the mixture into a paste   把混合物调成糊状 
12. [V] ~ (in / with sth) (of an artist, etc. 艺术家等) to use a particular material to produce a picture or other item  用某种材料作画(或编制、编织等):
   an artist working in oils   油画画家 
   a craftsman working with wool   毛织手工艺人 
OF PART OF FACE / BODY 脸/身体部位 
13. [V] (formal) to move violently  抽动；抽搐；颤动:
   He stared at me in horror, his mouth working.   他恐惧地盯着我,嘴在抽搐着。 
MOVE GRADUALLY 逐渐移动 
14. to move or pass to a particular place or state, usually gradually  (逐渐地)移动(到某位置)；(逐步)变成(某状态):
  ▪ [V] 
   It will take a while for the drug to work out of your system.   这药得需要一段时间才能排出你的体外。 
  ▪ [VN] 
  (figurative) He worked his way to the top of his profession.  他一步一步努力,终于成为行业内的翘楚。 
  ▪ [VN-ADJ] 
   I was tied up, but managed to work myself free.   我被捆绑起来,但设法挣脱了绳索。 
  ▪ [V-ADJ] 
   The screw had worked loose.  这螺丝钉松动了。 
 IDIOMS 
Most idioms containing work are at the entries for the nouns and adjectives in the idioms, for example work your fingers to the bone is at finger.  大多数含 work 的习语,都可在该等习语中的名词及形容词相关词条找到,如 work your fingers to the bone 在词条 finger 下。
▪ 'work it / things    (informal) to arrange sth in a particular way, especially by being clever  (尤指巧妙地)办成,办妥:
   Can you work it so that we get free tickets?   你能不能为我们搞到些免费票？ 
 PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ ˌwork a'round / 'round to sth / sb 
   to gradually turn a conversation towards a particular topic, subject, etc.  渐渐转变(话题、主题等):
   It was some time before he worked around to what he really wanted to say.   他东拉西扯了一会才绕到真正要说的事情上来。 
▪ 'work at sth 
   to make great efforts to achieve sth or do sth well  致力于；努力做:
   He's working at losing weight.   他正在努力减肥。 
   Learning to play the piano isn't easy. You have to work at it.  学弹钢琴不容易,你非得下功夫不可。 
▪ ˌwork sth 'in | work sth into sth 
1. to try to include sth  尽量包括；设法把…加进:
   Can't you work a few more jokes into your speech?   难道你就不能在讲话中再增加几句笑话吗？ 
2. to add six substance to another and mix them together  掺入；将…搅拌进:
   Gradually work in the butter.   逐渐掺进黄油。 
▪ ˌwork sth ↔ 'off 
1. to get rid of sth, especially a strong feeling, by using physical effort  (通过消耗体力)宣泄感情:
   She worked off her anger by going for a walk.   她散散步气就消了。 
2. to earn money in order to be able to pay a debt  工作以偿债:
   They had a large bank loan to work off.   他们有一大笔银行贷款需要偿还。 
▪ 'work on sb 
   to try to persuade sb to agree to sth or to do sth  努力说服(使某人答应或做某事):
   He hasn't said he'll do it yet, but I'm working on him.   他还没说他会做这事,不过我正在设法说服他。 
▪ 'work on sth 
   to try hard to improve or achieve sth  努力改善(或完成):
   You need to work on your pronunciation a bit more.   你需要再加把劲改进发音。 
   'Have you sorted out a babysitter yet?' 'No, but I'm working on it.'  "你找到临时看孩子的保母了吗？" "还没有,我正在找呢。" 
▪ ˌwork 'out 
1. to train the body by physical exercise  锻炼身体；做运动:
   I work out regularly to keep fit.   我经常做运动以保持健康。 
⇨ related noun workout 
2. to develop in a successful way  成功地发展:
   My first job didn't work out.   我的第一份工作干得不好。 
   Things have worked out quite well for us.   事情的结果对我们很不错。 
▪ ˌwork 'out (at sth) 
   if sth works out at sth, you calculate that it will be a particular amount  计算；计算出
  ▪ [+ adj ]
   It'll work out cheaper to travel by bus.   算来还是乘公共汽车便宜些。 
▪ ˌwork sb ↔ 'out 
   to understand sb's character  了解,理解(某人的性格):
   I've never been able to work her out.   我从未能摸准她的秉性。 
▪ ˌwork sth ↔ 'out 
1. to calculate sth  计算；算出:
   to work out the answer   计算出答案 
2. to find the answer to sth  找…的答案；解决
   SYN  solve :
   to work out a problem   解决问题 
  ▪ [+ wh- ]
   Can you work out what these squiggles mean?   你能辨认出这些潦草的字迹是什么意思吗？ 
   I couldn't work out where the music was coming from.   我弄不清这音乐是从哪里传来的。 
3. to plan or think of sth  计划；思考:
   I've worked out a new way of doing it.   我想出了做这事的一个新方法。 
4. [usually passive] to remove all the coal, minerals, etc. from a mine over a period of time  挖尽,开采光(煤、矿产等):
   a worked-out silver mine   开采光了的银矿 
▪ ˌwork sb ↔ 'over (slang) 
   to attack sb and hit them, for example to make them give you information  拷问；逼供
▪ 'work to sth 
   to follow a plan, schedule, etc.  按照(计划、时间表等)；根据…行事:
   to work to a budget   按照预算办事 
   We're working to a very tight deadline (= we have little time in which to do the work).  我们的工期很紧。 
▪ 'work towards sth 
   to try to reach or achieve a goal  努力达到,设法完成(目标)
▪ ˌwork sth ↔ 'up 
   to develop or improve sth with some effort  逐步发展；努力改进:
   I can't work up any enthusiasm for his idea.   我对他的想法怎么也热心不起来。 
   She went for a long walk to work up an appetite.   她为了增加食欲散了很长时间的步。 
▪ ˌwork sb / yourself 'up (into sth) 
   to make sb / yourself reach a state of great excitement, anger, etc.  使激动；使发怒:
   Don't work yourself up into a state about it. It isn't worth it.   别为此大动肝火。这不值得。 
   What are you so worked up about?   什么事使得你这么激动？ 
▪ ˌwork sth 'up into sth 
   to bring sth to a more complete or more acceptable state  使完整；使完好；修整:
   I'm working my notes up into a dissertation.   我正在把我的笔记整理成一篇论文。 
▪ ˌwork 'up to sth 
   to develop or move gradually towards sth, usually sth more exciting or extreme  逐步发展到,逐渐达到(更高或更深的程度):
   The music worked up to a rousing finale.   乐曲渐变到一个激动人心的末乐章。 
   I began by jogging in the park and worked up to running nine miles a day.   我开始在公园里慢跑,后来逐渐增加到一天跑五英里。 nounJOB / TASK 工作；任务 
1. [U] the job that a person does especially in order to earn money  工作；职业
   SYN  employment :
   She had been out of work (= without a job) for a year.  她已经失业一年了。 
   (BrE) They are in work (= have a job).  他们有工作。 
   He started work as a security guard.  他开始工作时做保安员。 
   It is difficult to find work in the present economic climate.   在目前这种经济大气候下很难找到工作。 
   I'm still looking for work.   我仍在找工作。 
   She's planning to return to work once the children start school.  她正计划孩子一入学就恢复上班。 
   What line of work are you in (= what type of work do you do) ?  你干哪种工作？ 
   before / after work (= in the morning / evening each day)   上班前；下班后 
   full-time / part-time / unpaid / voluntary work   全日制/兼职/无报酬的/义务工作 
2. [U] the duties that you have and the activities that you do as part of your job  职责；工作内容:
   Police work is mainly routine.   警察的工作主要都是按常规的。 
   The accountant described his work to the sales staff.   会计师向销售部的职员介绍了自己的职责。 
⇨ see also piecework , social work 
3. [U] tasks that need to be done  工作；活计:
   There is plenty of work to be done in the garden.  花园里有很多活要干。 
   Taking care of a baby is hard work.  照看婴儿是件苦差。 
   I have some work for you to do.   我有些事要你做。 
   Stop talking and get on with your work.   别说话了,继续干你们的活儿吧。 
⇨ see also homework , schoolwork 
4. [U] materials needed or used for doing work, especially books, papers, etc.  工作所需的材料(或档案等):
   She often brings work (= for example, files and documents) home with her from the office.  她经常把办公室里的工作带回家。 
   His work was spread all over the floor.   他工作的材料摊了一地。 
⇨ see also paperwork 
PLACE OF JOB 工作地点 
5. [U] (used without the 不与 the 连用) the place where you do your job  工作地点；工作单位；工作场所:
   I go to work at 8 o'clock.  我 8 点钟去上班。 
   When do you leave for work ?  你什么时候去上班？ 
   The new legislation concerns health and safety at work.  这项新法规涉及工作场所的健康与安全。 
   I have to leave work early today.  我今天得早点儿下班。 
   Her friends from work came to see her in the hospital.  她工作单位的朋友来医院看望她。 
EFFORT 努力 
6. [U] the use of physical strength or mental power in order to do or make sth  工作；劳动:
   She earned her grades through sheer hard work.  她的学习成绩完全是靠刻苦用功得来的。 
   We started work on the project in 2002.  我们于 2002 年开始干这个项目。 
   Work continues on renovating the hotel.   修整这家旅馆的工作在继续。 
   The work of building the bridge took one months.   修建这座桥的工作用了六个月的时间。 
   The art collection was his life's work.  收集艺术品是他一生的工作。 
   She set them to work painting the fence.  她让他们粉刷围墙。 
⇨ see also donkey work , fieldwork 
PRODUCT OF WORK 工作成果 
7. [U] a thing or things that are produced as a result of work  工作成果；产品；作品:
   She's an artist whose work I really admire.   她这位艺术家的作品令我赞赏不已。 
   Is this all your own work (= did you do it without help from others) ?  这件作品是你独立完成的吗？ 
   The book is a detailed and thorough piece of work covering all aspects of the subject.  这本书包括了这一学科的方方面面,是一部缜密翔实的大作。 
RESULT OF ACTION 行动结果 
8. [U] the result of an action; what is done by sb  作为；行动结果:
   The damage is clearly the work of vandals.   这毁损显然是些恣意破坏公物的人所为。 
BOOK / MUSIC / ART 书籍；音乐；艺术 
9. [C] a book, piece of music, painting, etc.  着作；作品:
   the collected / complete works of Tolstoy  托尔斯泰选集/全集 
   works of fiction / literature   小说/文学作品 
   Beethoven's piano works   贝多芬的钢琴曲 
⇨ see also work of art 
⇨ compare opus (2) 
BUILDING / REPAIRING 修造 
10. works [pl.] (often in compounds 常构成复合词) activities involving building or repairing sth  建；修；修建:
   roadworks   道路施工 
   They expanded the shipyards and started engineering works.   他们扩建造船厂,开始了工程施工。 
⇨ see also public works 
FACTORY 工厂 
11. works (pl. works) [C + sing. / pl. v.] (often in compounds 常构成复合词) a place where things are made or industrial processes take place  工厂:
   an engineering works   机器制造厂 
   a brickworks   砖厂 
⇨ note at factory 
PARTS OF MACHINE 机器部件 
12. the works [pl.] the moving parts of a machine, etc.  (机器等的)活动部件
   SYN  mechanism 
EVERYTHING 所有的事物 
13. the works [pl.] (informal) everything  所有的事物；全套物品:
   We went to the chip shop and had the works: fish, chips, gherkins, mushy peas.   我们去薯条店吃了套餐:炸鱼、炸薯条、小黄瓜、豆泥。 
PHYSICS 物理 
14. [U] the use of force to produce movement  功；做功
⇨ see also joule 
▪ all ˌwork and no 'play (makes ˌʊack a dull 'boy)    (saying) it is not healthy to spend all your time working; you need to relax too  只工作不玩耍,聪明的孩子也变傻
▪ at 'work 
1. having an effect on sth  起作用:
   She suspected that secret influences were at work.   她怀疑有些秘密势力在作祟。 
2. ~ (on sth) busy doing sth  忙着(做某事):
   He is still at work on the painting.   他仍在忙着画那幅画。 
   Danger—men at work.   危险——有人施工。 
▪ get (down) to / set to 'work 
   to begin; to make a start  开始,着手(工作):
   We set to work on the outside of the house (= for example, painting it).  我们从屋子的外部开始干了起来。 
▪ give sb the 'works    (informal) to give or tell sb everything  给(或告诉)…一切
▪ ˌgood 'works 
   kind acts to help others  善行；善举
▪ go / set about your 'work 
   to do / start to do your work  做(或着手做)自己的工作:
   She went cheerfully about her work.   她高高兴兴地做自己的工作。 
▪ have your 'work cut out    (informal) to be likely to have difficulty doing sth  (做某事)可能有困难:
   You'll have your work cut out to get there by four o'clock.   你九点钟前赶到那里可不容易。 
▪ in the 'works 
   SYN  in the pipeline 
   something that is in the works is being discussed, planned or prepared and will happen or exist soon  在讨论(或计划、筹备等)中；在酝酿中
▪ the work of a 'moment, 'second, etc.    (formal) a thing that takes a very short time to do  即刻做完的事
⇨ more at day , devil , dirty adj., hand n., hard adj., job , light adj., nasty , nice , short adj., spanner 


————————————
★☆☆   workable
work·able / ˈwə:kəbl; ŋæmə ˈwə:rk- / adjective1. (of a system, an idea, etc. 系统、想法等) that can be used successfully and effectively  可行的；行得通的
   SYN  practical :
   a workable plan   切实可行的计划 
2. that you can shape, spread, dig, etc.  可成形(或延长、挖掘等)的:
   Add more water until the dough is workable.   往麪团里再加点儿水,直到能揉成形为止。 
3. (of a mine, etc. 矿等) that can still be used and will make a profit  可开采的；可开发的


————————————
★☆☆   workaday
work·aday / ˈwə:kədei; ŋæmə ˈwə:rk- / adjective əusually before noun]
   (formal) ordinary; not very interesting  普通的；平凡的；平淡无奇的
   SYN  everyday 


————————————
★☆☆   workaholic
work·ahol·ic / ˌwə:kəˈhɔlik; ŋæmə ˌwə:rkəˈhɔ:lik; -ˈhɑ:l- / noun   (informal, usually disapproving)a person who works very hard and finds it difficult to stop working and do other things  工作狂；工作迷；醉心于工作的人


————————————
★☆☆   workaround
work·around / ˈwə:kəraund; ŋæmə ˈwə:rk- / noun   (computing 计) a way in which you can solve or avoid a problem when the most obvious solution is not possible  应变方法；变通方法


————————————
★☆☆   work basket
'work basket noun   (old-fashioned, BrE)a container for the things you need for sewing  针线筐


————————————
★☆☆   workbench
work·bench / ˈwə:kbentʃ; ŋæmə ˈwə:rk- / (also bench) noun   a long heavy table used for doing practical jobs, working with tools, etc.  工作枱


————————————
★☆☆   workbook
work·book / ˈwə:kbuk; ŋæmə ˈwə:rk- / (ɑrə) (ŋæmə 'exercise book) noun   a book with exercises in it, often with spaces for students to write answers in, to help them practise what they have learnt  练习册；作业本


————————————
★☆☆   workbox
work·box / ˈwə:kbɔks; ŋæmə ˈwə:rkbɑ:ks / noun   a box used for keeping tools or sewing equipment in  工具箱；针线盒


————————————
★☆☆   workday
work·day / ˈwə:kdei; ŋæmə ˈwə:rk- / noun1. (ŋæmə) = working day (1):
   an 8-hour workday 
   8 小时工作日 
2. = working day (2):
   workday traffic   平日的交通 


————————————
★☆☆   worked up
ˌworked 'up adjective [not before noun]
   ~ (about sth) (informal) very excited or upset about sth  异常兴奋；十分生气:
   There's no point in getting worked up about it.  为此大发脾气也无济于事。 


————————————
★☆☆   worker
work·er / ˈwə:kə(r); ŋæmə ˈwə:rk- / noun1. (often in compounds 常构成复合词) a person who works, especially one who does a particular kind of work  工作者；人员:
   farm / factory / office workers   农场/工厂工人；职员 
   rescue / aid / research workers   救援/援助/研究人员 
   temporary / part-time / casual workers   临时工；兼职工；零工 
   manual / skilled / unskilled workers   体力劳动者；熟练/非熟练工人 
⇨ see also guest worker , sex worker , social worker 
2. [usually pl.] a person who is employed in a company or industry, especially sb who does physical work rather than organizing things or managing people  雇员；(尤指)劳工,工人:
   Conflict between employers and workers intensified and the number of strikes rose.   劳资矛盾加剧,罢工次数增多。 
   talks between workers and management   劳资谈判 
3. (usually after an adjective 通常置于形容词后) a person who works in a particular way  干活…的人:
   a hard / fast / quick / slow worker   做事努力/快 / 麻利/慢的人 
4. a female bee that helps do the work of the group of bees but does not reproduce  工蜂
⇨ compare drone  n. (3), queen bee (1) 
 IDIOMS 
⇨ see fast adj.


————————————
★☆☆   work experience
'work experience noun [U] 
1. the work or jobs that you have done in your life so far  工作经历:
   The opportunities available will depend on your previous work experience and qualifications.   能否有机会要看你的工作经历和学历。 
2. (BrE) a period of time that a young person, especially a student, spends working in a company as a form of training  (学生)实习
⇨ compare internship (1) 


————————————
★☆☆   workfare
work·fare / ˈwə:kfeə(r); ŋæmə ˈwə:rkfer / noun əu]
   a system in which unemployed people have to work in order to get money for food, rent, etc. from the government  工作福利制(领取福利金的失业者须要参与公益工作等)


————————————
★☆☆   workforce
work·force / ˈwə:kfɔ:s; ŋæmə ˈwə:rkfɔ:rs / noun əɔ + sing. / pl. v.] 
1. all the people who work for a particular company, organization, etc.  全体员工
   SYN  staff :
   The factory has a 1000-strong workforce.   这家工厂的职工多达千人。 
   Two thirds of the workforce is / are women.   职工中的三分之二是妇女。 
2. all the people in a country or an area who are available for work  (国家或行业等的)劳动力,劳动大军,劳动人口:
   A quarter of the local workforce is / are unemployed.   本地四分之一的劳动力都失业了。 


————————————
★☆☆   workhorse
work·horse / ˈwə:khɔ:s; ŋæmə ˈwə:rkhɔ:rs / noun   a person or machine that you can rely on to do hard and / or boring work  埋头苦干的人；老黄牛(指吃苦耐劳的人)


————————————
★☆☆   workhouse
work·house / ˈwə:khaus; ŋæmə ˈwə:rk- / (ɑrə) (also poor·house ŋæmə, ɑrə) noun   (in ɑritain in the past) a building where very poor people were sent to live and given work to do  (英国旧时的)济贫院,劳动救济所


————————————
★☆☆   working
work·ing / ˈwə:kiŋ; ŋæmə ˈwə:rk- / adjective əonly before noun] 
1. having a job for which you are paid  有工作的；有职业的
   SYN  employed :
   the working population   劳动人口 
   a working mother   在职母亲 
⇨ see also hard-working 
2. having a job that involves hard physical work rather than office work, studying, etc.  做工的；从事体力劳动的:
   a working man   工人 
   a working men's club   工人俱乐部 
3. connected with your job and the time you spend doing it  工作上的；工作时间的:
   long working hours   长的工作时间 
   poor working conditions   恶劣的工作环境 
   I have a good working relationship with my boss.  我和老板的工作关系很好。 
   She spent most of her working life as a teacher.  她一生中大部份工作时间都当教师。 
   recent changes in working practices   工作制度方面最近的变化 
4. a working breakfast or lunch is one at which you discuss business  公事上的(早餐或午餐等)
5. used as a basis for work, discussion, etc. but likely to be changed or improved in the future  初步的；暂定的:
   a working theory   初步的理论 
   Have you decided on a working title for your thesis yet?   你选了论文的暂定题目吗？ 
6. if you have a working knowledge of sth, you can use it at a basic level  尚可应付工作的；基本够用的
7. the working parts of a machine are the parts that move in order to make it function  操纵用的,用于启动的(部件)
8. a working majority is a small majority that is enough to enable a government to win votes in parliament and make new laws  (议会票数)足够多数的
 IDIOMS 
⇨ see order n. noun [usually pl.] 
1. ~ (of sth) the way in which a machine, a system, an organization, etc. works  (机器、系统、组织等的)运作,工作方法:
   an introduction to the workings of Congress   对国会运作方式的介绍 
   the workings of the human mind   人脑的活动方式 
   the machine's inner workings   这台机器的内部运转情况 
2. the parts of a mine or quarry where coal, metal, stone, etc. is or has been dug from the ground  (矿山或采石场的)矿,巷道,作业区


————————————
★☆☆   working capital
ˌworking 'capital noun [U]
   (business 商) the money that is needed to run a business rather than the money that is used to buy buildings and equipment when starting the business  流动资本；运营资本；周转资金
⇨ compare venture capital 


————————————
★☆☆   working class
the ˌworking 'class noun [sing. + sing. / pl. v.]
   (also the ˌworking 'classes əpl.]) the social class whose members do not have much money or power and are usually employed to do manual work (= physical work using their hands)  工人阶级:
   the political party of the working class   工人阶级的政党 
   The working class has / have rejected them in the elections.   工人阶级在选举中没有投他们的票。 
⇨ compare middle class , upper class 
• ˌworking-'class adj.:
   a working-class background   工人阶级出身 


————————————
★☆☆   working day
ˌworking 'day noun (BrE) 
1. (NAmE work·day) the part of a day during which you work  一天中的工作时间:
   I spend most of my working day sitting at a desk.   我一天之中大部份工作时间都坐在办公桌旁。 
2. (also less frequent work·day) a day on which you usually work or on which most people usually work  工作日:
   Sunday is a normal working day for me.   星期日是我的正常工作日。 
   Thousands of working days were lost through strikes last year.   去年因罢工损失了数以千计的工作日。 
   Allow ten working days (= not Saturday or Sunday) for delivery.  交货期限为两个工作日。 


————————————
★☆☆   working girl
'working girl noun (informal) 
1. (becoming old-fashioned) a prostitute . People say 'working girl' to avoid saying 'prostitute'.  上班女郎(婉指妓女)
2. (sometimes offensive) a woman who has a paid job  劳动女子；女工；职业妇女


————————————
★☆☆   working paper
'working paper noun1. [C] a report written by a group of people chosen to study an aspect of law, education, health, etc.  (委员会等的)研究报告
2. working papers [pl.] (in the US) an official document that enables sb under 16 years old or born outside the US to have a job  (美国 16 岁以下或侨居者的)工作证,雇佣证书


————————————
★☆☆   working party
'working party (BrE) (also 'working group NAmE, BrE) noun [C + sing. / pl. v.]
   ~ (on sth) a group of people chosen to study a particular problem or situation in order to suggest ways of dealing with it  (专题)调查委员会


————————————
★☆☆   working week
ˌworking 'week (BrE) (NAmE work·week) noun   the total amount of time that you spend at work during the week  一周的工作时间；工作周:
   a 40-hour working week   40 个小时的工作周 


————————————
★☆☆   workload
work·load / ˈwə:kləud; ŋæmə ˈwə:rkloud / noun   the amount of work that has to be done by a particular person or organization  (某一人或组织的)工作量,工作负担:
   a heavy workload   沉重的工作负担 
   We have taken on extra staff to cope with the increased workload.   我们已经额外雇用员工来应付增加了的工作量。 


————————————
★☆☆   workman
work·man / ˈwə:kmən; ŋæmə ˈwə:rk- / noun (pl. -men / -mən / )
1. a man who is employed to do physical work  男工人；工匠
2. (with an adjective 与形容词连用) a person who works in the way mentioned  工作…的人:
   a good / bad workman   工作好的/差的人 


————————————
★☆☆   workmanlike
work·man·like / ˈwə:kmənlaik; ŋæmə ˈwə:rk- / adjective   done, made, etc. in a skilful and thorough way but not usually very original or exciting  技术嫺熟(但无新意)的


————————————
★☆☆   workmanship
work·man·ship / ˈwə:kmənʃip; ŋæmə ˈwə:rk- / noun əu]
   the skill with which sb makes sth, especially when this affects the way it looks or works  手艺；技艺；工艺:
   Our buyers insist on high standards of workmanship and materials.   我们的买主对工艺和材料坚持要高标准。 


————————————
★☆☆   workmate
work·mate / ˈwə:kmeit; ŋæmə ˈwə:rk- / noun   (especially ɑrə) a person that you work with, often doing the same job, in an office, a factory, etc.  一起工作的人；同事；工友
   SYN  colleague 


————————————
★☆☆   work of art
ˌwork of 'art noun (pl. ,works of 'art)
1. a painting, statue, etc.  艺术品；(绘画、雕塑等)艺术作品:
   A number of priceless works of art were stolen from the gallery.   美术馆中许多价值连城的艺术品被盗。 
2. something that is attractive and skilfully made  令人赏心悦目的东西；精致的物品:
   The bride's dress was a work of art.   新娘的礼服十分精美。 


————————————
★☆☆   workout
work·out / ˈwə:kaut; ŋæmə ˈwə:rk- / noun   a period of physical exercise that you do to keep fit  锻炼:
   She does a 20-minute workout every morning.   她每天早晨做运动 20 分钟。 


————————————
★☆☆   work permit
'work permit noun   an official document that sb needs in order to work in a particular foreign country  (国外就业)工作许可证


————————————
★☆☆   workplace
work·place / ˈwə:kpleis; ŋæmə ˈwə:rk- / noun (often the workplace) əsing.] 
   the office, factory, etc. where people work  工作场所:
   the introduction of new technology into the workplace   把新技术引进工厂 


————————————
★☆☆   work placement
'work placement noun [U, C] (BrE) = placement (2)


————————————
★☆☆   work release
'work release noun [U]
   (US) a system that allows prisoners to leave prison during the day to go to work  监外就业(允许囚犯日间离开监狱外出工作的制度)


————————————
★☆☆   workroom
work·room / ˈwə:kru:m; -rum; ŋæmə ˈwə:rk- / noun   a room in which work is done, especially work that involves making things  工作室；工场间；作坊:
   The jeweller has a workroom at the back of his shop.   珠宝商在他的店铺后面有一间作坊。 


————————————
★☆☆   works
works noun⇨ see work  n. 


————————————
★☆☆   works council
ˌworks 'council noun   (especially BrE) a group of employees who represent all the employees at a factory, etc. in discussions with their employers over conditions of work  职工委员会(负责和雇主协商工作条件等)


————————————
★☆☆   worksheet
work·sheet / ˈwə:kʃi:t; ŋæmə ˈwə:rk- / noun1. a piece of paper on which there is a series of questions and exercises to be done by a student  (学生做的)活页练习题
2. a piece of paper on which work that has been done or has to be done is recorded  工作记录(或进度)表


————————————
★☆☆   workshop
work·shop / ˈwə:kʃɔp; ŋæmə ˈwə:rkʃɑ:p / noun1. a room or building in which things are made or repaired using tools or machinery  车间；工场；作坊
⇨ note at factory 
2. a period of discussion and practical work on a particular subject, in which a group of people share their knowledge and experience  研讨会；讲习班:
   a drama workshop   戏剧研讨班 
   a poetry workshop   诗歌讲习班 


————————————
★☆☆   work-shy
'work-shy adjective   (BrE, disapproving) unwilling to work  不愿工作的；怕干活的；懒惰的
   SYN  lazy 


————————————
★☆☆   workspace
work·space / ˈwə:kspeis; ŋæmə ˈwə:rk- / noun1. əu, ɔ] a space in which to work, especially in an office  (办公室等的)工作场所
2. [C] (computing 计) a place where information that is being used by six person on a computer network is stored  (计算机网络的)工作区


————————————
★☆☆   workstation
work·sta·tion / ˈwə:ksteiʃn; ŋæmə ˈwə:rk- / noun   the desk and computer at which a person works; one computer that is part of a computer network  (计算机)工作站


————————————
★☆☆   worktop
work·top / ˈwə:ktɔp; ŋæmə ˈwə:rktɑ:p / (ɑrə) (also 'work surface especially in ɑrə) (also counter ŋæmə, ɑrə) (ŋæmə also counter·top) noun   a flat surface in a kitchen for preparing food on  (厨房的)操作枱


————————————
★☆☆   work-to-rule
ˌwork-to-'rule noun [usually sing.]
   a situation in which workers refuse to do any work that is not in their contracts, in order to protest about sth  按章工作(为表示抗议而拒绝做超出合同规定的工作)
⇨ compare go-slow 


————————————
★☆☆   workweek
work·week / ˈwə:kwi:k; ŋæmə ˈwə:rk- / noun (ŋæmə) = working week 


————————————
★☆☆   world
world / wə:ld; ŋæmə wə:rld / nounðHə əæɔðH / ɪðS PəOPɚə 地球；地球人 
1. the world əsing.] the earth, with all its countries, peoples and natural features  世界；地球；天下:
   to sail around the world   环球航行 
   travelling (all over) the world   周游世界 
   a map of the world   世界地图 
   French is spoken in many parts of the world.  世界上许多地方都说法语。 
   Which is the largest city in the world ?  世界上最大的城市是哪个？ 
   He's the world's highest paid entertainer.   他是世界上薪金最高的演艺人。 
   a meeting of world leaders   世界各国领导人大会 
   campaigning for world peace   发起世界和平运动 
2. [C, usually sing.] a particular part of the earth; a particular group of countries or people; a particular period of history and the people of that period  某地域(或民族、历史时期等)的人类社会；世界:
   the Arab world   阿拉伯世界 
   the English-speaking world   讲英语的地区 
   the industrialized and developing worlds   工业化国家和发展中国家 
   the ancient / modern world   古代/现代社会 
⇨ see also First World , New World , Old World , Third World 
ANOTHER PLANET 另一颗行星 
3. [C] a planet like the earth  (像地球的)星球,天体:
   There may be other worlds out there.   那里可能有其他星球。 
TYPE OF LIFE 生命 
4. [C] the people or things belonging to a particular group or connected with a particular interest, job, etc.  按性质(或职业等)划分的类别；界；界别:
   the animal / plant / insect world   动物/植物/昆虫界 
   the world of fashion   时装界 
   stars from the sporting and artistic worlds   体育和艺术界的众明星 
5. [usually sing.] (usually used with an adjective 通常与形容词连用) everything that exists of a particular kind; a particular kind of life or existence  某领域的一切事物；自然界:
   the natural world (= animals, plants, minerals, etc.)   自然界 
   They are a couple in the real world as well as in the movie.  他们在电影和现实生活中都是一对夫妇。 
   The island is a world of brilliant colours and dramatic sunsets.   这个岛是个绚丽多彩,晚霞娇妍的世界。 
   They had little contact with the outside world (= people and places that were not part of their normal life).  他们与外界没有什么联系。 
PERSON'S LIFE 人生 
6. [sing.] a person's environment, experiences, friends and family, etc.  生活环境；阅历；生活圈子:
   Parents are the most important people in a child's world.   父母在儿童的天地里是最重要的人。 
   When his wife died, his entire world was turned upside down.   他妻子死后,他的整个生活变得一塌糊涂。 
SOCIETY 社会 
7. [sing.] our society and the way people live and behave; the people in the world  社会；世情；世故；世人:
   We live in a rapidly changing world.   我们生活在瞬息万变的社会里。 
   He's too young to understand the ways of the world.  他还太年轻,不懂得处世之道。 
   The whole world was waiting for news of the astronauts.  全世界的人都在等待宇航员的消息。 
   She felt that the world was against her.   她觉得整个世界都在与她作对。 
   The eyes of the world are on the President.  世人的眼睛都在盯着总统。 
8. the world [sing.] a way of life where possessions and physical pleasures are important, rather than spiritual values  尘世；世俗；世事；世情:
   monks and nuns renouncing the world   弃绝俗世享乐的修道士和修女 
⇨ see also olde worlde , old-world 
HUMAN EXISTENCE 人类的生存 
9. [sing.] the state of human existence  人世；今世；来世:
   this world and the next (= life on earth and existence after death)   今世和来世 
 IDIOMS 
▪ be ˌall the 'world to sb 
   to be loved by and very important to sb  是…的最喜爱的人(或事物)；对…非常重要；是…的一切
▪ the best of 'both / 'all possible worlds 
   the benefits of two or more completely different situations that you can enjoy at the same time  两全其美；两头受益；旱涝保收:
   If you enjoy the coast and the country, you'll get the best of both worlds on this walk.   你要是喜欢海滨和乡村,那么这次散步你会一举两得。 
▪ be 'worlds apart 
   to be completely different in attitudes, opinions, etc.  (在态度、看法等方面)有天壤之别,截然不同
▪ come / go 'down / 'up in the world 
   to become less / more important or successful in society  落泊；衰落；倒运；飞黄腾达；发迹；兴盛
▪ come into the 'world    (literary) to be born  出生；降生人间
▪ do sb / sth the 'world of good 
   to make sb feel much better; to improve sth  使…感到好得多；对…大有好处；改善:
   A change of job would do you the world of good.   换一下工作会对你大有好处。 
▪ for all the world as if / though... | for all the world like sb / sth    (formal) exactly as if...; exactly like sb / sth  简直像是；恰似:
   She behaved for all the world as if nothing unusual had happened.   看她的表现就像根本没有发生过什么大事似的。 
   He looked for all the world like a schoolboy caught stealing apples.   他那个样子简直就像偷苹果时被当场抓住的小学生。 
▪ have the world at your 'feet 
   to be very successful and admired  功成名就；为世人仰慕
▪ how, why, etc. in the 'world 
   (informal) used to emphasize sth and to show that you are surprised or annoyed  (用于强调,表示惊讶或不悦)到底,究竟:
   What in the world did they think they were doing?   他们到底认为自己在做什么？ 
▪ in an ideal / a perfect 'world 
   used to say that sth is what you would like to happen or what should happen, but you know it cannot  在理想状态下:
   In an ideal world we would be recycling and reusing everything.   我们要是能回收并再利用所有的东西就再理想不过了。 
▪ in the 'world 
   used to emphasize what you are saying  (加强语气)世界上,天下,根本,到底:
   There's nothing in the world I'd like more than to visit New York.   访问纽约是我最想做的事。 
   Don't rush—we've got all the time in the world.  别急急忙忙的,我们有的是时间。 
   You look as if you haven't got a care in the world !  你看上去好像一丝牵挂都没有！ 
▪ (be / live) in a world of your 'own 
   if you are in a world of your own, you are so concerned with your own thoughts that you do not notice what is happening around you  (生活)在自己的小天地里
▪ a man / woman of the 'world 
   a person with a lot of experience of life, who is not easily surprised or shocked  生活阅历丰富的人；老成持重的人
▪ not for (all) the 'world 
   used to say that you would never do sth  决不:
   I wouldn't hurt you for the world.   我绝不会伤害你。 
▪ the... of this world 
   (informal) used to refer to people of a particular type  …这类人:
   We all envy the Bill Gateses of this world (= the people who are as rich and successful as Bill Gates).  我们大家都羡慕比尔 · 盖茨这样的人。 
▪ ˌout of this 'world 
   (informal) used to emphasize how good, beautiful, etc. sth is  好(或美等)得不得了；非凡；呱呱叫:
   The meal was out of this world.   这顿饭简直是没治了。 
▪ see the 'world 
   to travel widely and gain wide experience  见多识广；见世面
▪ set / put the world to 'rights 
   to talk about how the world could be changed to be a better place  谈论如何使世界变得更好:
   We stayed up all night, setting the world to rights.   我们一夜没睡,谈论着如何拯救世界。 
▪ set the 'world on fire 
(BrE also set the 'world alight) (informal) (usually used in negative sentences 通常用于否定句) 
   to be very successful and gain the admiration of other people  大获成功；引起轰动:
   He's never going to set the world on fire with his paintings.   他的绘画永远不会引起轰动。 
▪ what is the world 'coming to? 
   used to express disapproval, surprise or shock, especially at changes in people's attitudes or behaviour  这个世界要变成什么样子了；这世道是怎么了；太不像话:
   When I listen to the news these days, I sometimes wonder what the world is coming to.   我近来收听新闻时,有时纳闷这成了什么世道了。 
▪ (all) the ˌworld and his 'wife 
(ɑrə, informal, humorous) 
   everyone; a large number of people  人人；许多人
▪ a 'world away (from sth) 
   used to emphasize how different two things are  (和…)截然不同,有天壤之别:
   His new luxury mansion was a world away from the tiny house where he was born.   他那座新的豪宅与他出生的小屋完全不能相比。 
▪ the ˌworld is your 'oyster 
   there is no limit to the opportunities open to you  世界是属于你的；你的前途无量
▪ a / the 'world of difference 
   (informal) used to emphasize how much difference there is between two things  完全不同；是两码事:
   There's a world of difference between liking someone and loving them.   喜欢一个人和爱一个人完全不是一回事。 
▪ the (whole) world 'over 
   everywhere in the world  世界各地；全世界:
   People are basically the same the world over.   世界各地的人基本上都一样。 
⇨ more at brave adj., dead adj., end n., lost , promise v., small adj., top n., watch v., way n., will n., worst n. 


————————————
★☆☆   World Bank
the ˌθorld 'ɑank noun [sing.]
   an international organization that lends money to countries who are members at times when they are in difficulty and need more money  世界银行(向处于困境需要资助的成员国贷款的国际机构)


————————————
★☆☆   world-beater
'world-beater noun   a person or thing that is better than all others  天下无双的人(或事物)
• 'world-beating adj. 


————————————
★☆☆   world-class
ˌworld-'class adjective   as good as the best in the world  世界级的；世界上一流的:
   a world-class athlete   世界一流的运动员 


————————————
★☆☆   World Cup
the ˌθorld 'ɔup noun (in sports 体育运动) 
   a competition between national teams from all over the world, usually held every few years  世界杯比赛(通常为几年一度):
   The next Rugby World Cup will take place in three years' time.   下一届橄榄球世界杯赛将于三年后举行。 


————————————
★☆☆   world English
ˌworld 'ənglish noun [U]
   the English language, used throughout the world for international communication, including all of its regional varieties, such as Australian, Indian and South African English  世界英语(通行于世界各地的国际交流英语,包括澳大利亚英语、印度英语、南非英语等地域变体)


————————————
★☆☆   world-famous
ˌworld-'famous adjective   known all over the world  举世闻名的；世界著名的:
   a world-famous scientist   世界著名的科学家 
   His books are world-famous.   他的着作举世闻名。 


————————————
★☆☆   World Heritage Site
ˌθorld 'Heritage Site noun   a natural or man-made place that is recognized as having great international importance and is therefore protected  世界遗产保护区


————————————
★☆☆   world language
ˌworld 'language noun   a language that is known or spoken in many countries  世界通用语；国际语言


————————————
★☆☆   worldly
world·ly / ˈwə:ldli; ŋæmə ˈwə:rld- / adjective (literary) 
1. əonly before noun] connected with the world in which we live rather than with spiritual things  尘世的；世俗的；世事的:
   worldly success   世俗的成就 
   your worldly goods (= the things that you own)   你个人的物品 
   OPP spiritual 
2. having a lot of experience of life and therefore not easily shocked  生活经验丰富的；老成持重的；世故的:
   At 15, he was more worldly than his older cousins who lived in the country.   他 15 岁时就比他那些居住在乡村的表兄们还要世故。 
   OPP unworldly 
• world·li·ness noun [U] 


————————————
★☆☆   worldly-wise
ˌworldly-'wise adjective   having a lot of experience of life and therefore not easily shocked  善于处世的；老于世故的


————————————
★☆☆   world music
'world music noun [U]
   a type of pop music that includes influences from different parts of the world, especially Africa and Asia  世界音乐(受世界各地尤指非洲和亚洲影响的一种流行音乐)


————————————
★☆☆   world power
ˌworld 'power noun   a powerful country that has a lot of influence in international politics  世界强国


————————————
★☆☆   World Series
the ˌθorld 'Series noun   a series of baseball games played every year between the winners of the American League and the National League  世界系列赛(美国棒球联盟和全国棒球联盟优胜者之间的年度比赛)


————————————
★☆☆   world view
ˌworld 'view noun   a person's way of thinking about and understanding life, which depends on their beliefs and attitudes  世界观:
   Your education is bound to shape your world view.   一个人接受的教育必定会决定其世界观的形成。 


————————————
★☆☆   world war
ˌworld 'war noun [C, U]
   a war that involves many countries  世界大战


————————————
★☆☆   World War One
ˌθorld ˌθar 'One (also ˌθorld ˌθar 'ɪ) noun = First World War 


————————————
★☆☆   World War Two
ˌθorld ˌθar 'ðwo (also ˌθorld ˌθar 'ɪɪ) noun = Second World War 


————————————
★☆☆   world-weary
'world-weary adjective   no longer excited by life; showing this  厌世的；厌弃人生的
   SYN  jaded 
• 'world-weariness noun [U] 


————————————
★☆☆   worldwide
world·wide / ˈwə:ldwaid; ŋæmə ˈwə:rld- / adjective əusually before noun]
   affecting all parts of the world  影响全世界的；世界各地的:
   an increase in worldwide sales   全球销售额的增长 
   The story has attracted worldwide attention.   这件事已经引起了全世界的关注。 
• ˌworld·'wide adv.:
   We have 2 000 members worldwide.   我们在全世界有 2 000 名成员。 


————————————
★☆☆   World Wide Web
the ˌθorld θide 'θeb (also the Web) noun (abbr. WWW)
   a system for finding information on the Internet, in which documents are connected to other documents using hypertext links  万维网；环球信息网:
   to browse a site on the World Wide Web   在万维网上浏览一个网站 


————————————
★☆☆   worm
worm / wə:m; ŋæmə wə:rm / noun1. əɔ] a long thin creature with no bones or legs, that lives in soil  蠕虫:
   birds looking for worms   觅食蠕虫的鸟 
⇨ see also earthworm , lugworm 
2. worms [pl.] long thin creatures that live inside the bodies of humans or animals and can cause illness  (人或动物体内的)寄生虫；肠虫:
   The dog has worms.   这条狗体内有寄生虫。 
⇨ see also hookworm , tapeworm 
3. [C] the young form of an insect when it looks like a short worm   (昆虫的)幼虫:
   This apple is full of worms.   这个苹果生满了虫子。 
⇨ see also glow-worm , silkworm , woodworm 
4. [C] (computing 计) a computer program that is a type of virus and that spreads across a network by copying itself  蠕虫；蠕虫程序；蠕虫病毒
5. [C, usually sing.] (informal, disapproving) a person you do not like or respect, especially because they have a weak character and do not behave well towards other people  懦夫；可怜虫
 IDIOMS 
▪ the ˌworm will 'turn    (saying) a person who is normally quiet and does not complain will protest when the situation becomes too hard to bear  老实人被逼急了也要反抗；兔子急了也咬人
⇨ more at can ² n., early adj. verb [VN] 
1. [+adv. / prep.] ~ your way to use a twisting and turning movement, especially to move through a narrow or crowded place  蠕动,曲折行进(尤指通过狭窄或拥挤的地方):
   She wormed her way through the crowd to the reception desk.   她在人群中左拐右绕走到服务枱。 
2. to give an animal medicine that makes worms pass out of its body in the faeces   给(动物)驱肠虫
 PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ ˌworm your way / yourself 'into sth (disapproving) 
   to make sb like you or trust you, in order to gain some advantage for yourself  赢得欢心,骗取信任(以获利)
   SYN  insinuate yourself :
   He managed to worm his way into her life.   他设法骗取信任进入了她的生活。 
▪ ˌworm sth 'out of sb (informal) 
   to make sb tell you sth, by asking them questions in a clever way for a long period of time  (慢慢地)从某人处套出话来；不断套问:
   We eventually wormed the secret out of her.   我们最后从她口里探听出了秘密。 


————————————
★☆☆   worm-eaten
'worm-eaten adjective   full of holes made by worms or woodworms   虫蛀的；虫咬的；被虫蛀成很多洞的


————————————
★☆☆   wormery
worm·ery / ˈwə:məri; ŋæmə ˈwə:rm- / noun (pl. -ies)
   a container in which worms are kept, for example in order to produce compost   饲虫箱


————————————
★☆☆   wormhole
worm·hole / ˈwə:mhəul; ŋæmə ˈwə:rmhoul / noun1. a hole made by a worm or young insect  蛀洞；蛀孔
2. (physics 物) a possible connection between regions of space-time that are far apart  蠕虫洞(即相隔遥远的时空区之间的可能连接)


————————————
★☆☆   wormwood
worm·wood / ˈwə:mwud; ŋæmə ˈwə:rm- / noun əu]
   a plant with a bitter flavour, used in making alcoholic drinks and medicines  蒿,洋艾(有些具苦味,可入药或用来制苦艾酒等)


————————————
★☆☆   wormy
wormy / ˈwə:mi; ŋæmə ˈwə:rmi / adjective   containing worms   有虫子的；有蛀虫的:
   a wormy apple   生虫的苹果 


————————————
★☆☆   worn
worn / wɔ:n; ŋæmə wɔ:rn / adjective1. əusually before noun] (of a thing 物品) damaged or thinner than normal because it is old and has been used a lot  用坏的；用旧的；磨薄的:
   an old pair of worn jeans   一条破旧的牛仔裤 
   The stone steps were worn and broken.   这些石头台阶被磨平破裂了。 
⇨ see also well worn 
2. (of a person 人) looking very tired  疲惫的；筋疲力尽的
   SYN  weary :
   She came out of the ordeal looking thin and worn.   她经历过这场苦难后显得憔悴不堪。 
⇨ see also wear v. 


————————————
★☆☆   worn out
ˌworn 'out adjective1. (of a thing 物品) badly damaged and / or no longer useful because it has been used a lot  破烂不堪的；废旧的:
   These shoes are worn out.   这双鞋破得不能再穿了。 
   the gradual replacement of worn-out equipment   破旧设备的逐渐更新 
   a speech full of worn-out old clichés   充满老掉牙的陈词滥调的演讲 
2. [not usually before noun] (of a person 人) looking or feeling very tired, especially as a result of hard work or physical exercise  疲惫不堪；精疲力竭:
   Can we sit down? I'm worn out.   我们能坐下吗？我都累坏了。 
⇨ compare outworn 


————————————
★☆☆   worried
wor·ried / ˈwʌrid; ŋæmə ˈwə:r- / adjective   ~ (about sb / sth) | ~ (by sth) | ~ (that...) thinking about unpleasant things that have happened or that might happen and therefore feeling unhappy and afraid  担心的；担忧的；发愁的:
   Don't look so worried!   别这么愁眉苦脸的！ 
   I'm not worried about her—she can take care of herself.   我不为她担心,她能照顾自己。 
   Doctors are worried about the possible spread of the disease.   医生担心这疾病可能会蔓延。 
   We're not too worried by these results.   我们对这些结果并不太担心。 
   The police are worried that the man may be armed.   警方担心那个人可能携带着武器。 
   Where have you been? I've been worried sick (= extremely worried).  你到哪里去了？我都担心死了。 
   I was worried you wouldn't come.   我还担心你不来呢。 
   Try not to get worried.  尽量别担忧。 
   She gave me a worried look.   她心事重重地看了我一眼。 
• wor·ried·ly adv.:
   He glanced worriedly at his father.   他忧心忡忡地瞥了他父亲一眼。 
 IDIOMS 
▪ you had me 'worried    (informal) used to tell sb that you were worried because you had not understood what they had said correctly  (误会所致)你让我虚惊一场:
   You had me worried for a moment—I thought you were going to resign!   你可让我担心了一阵子,我原以为你要辞职呢！ 


————————————
★☆☆   worrier
wor·rier / ˈwʌriə(r); ŋæmə ˈwə:r- / noun   a person who worries a lot about unpleasant things that have happened or that might happen  爱担忧的人；常发愁的人


————————————
★☆☆   worrisome
wor·ri·some / ˈwʌrisəm; ŋæmə ˈwə:r- / adjective   (especially ŋæmə) that makes you worry  令人担心的；使人担忧的


————————————
★☆☆   worry
worry / ˈwʌri; ŋæmə ˈwə:ri / verb (wor·ries, worry·ing, wor·ried, wor·ried)
1. ~ (about / over sb / sth) to keep thinking about unpleasant things that might happen or about problems that you have  担心；担忧；发愁:
  ▪ [V] 
   Don't worry. We have plenty of time.  不必担心。我们有很多时间。 
   Don't worry about me. I'll be all right.   别为我担忧。我会没事的。 
   He's always worrying about his weight.   他总是为自己的体重发愁。 
   There's no point in worrying over things you can't change.   对改变不了的事情担心也没用。 
  ▪ [V (that)] 
   I worry that I won't get into college.   我担心自己进不了大学。 
2. ~ sb / yourself (about sb / sth) to make sb / yourself anxious about sb / sth  使担心；使担忧；使发愁:
  ▪ [VN] 
   What worries me is how I am going to get another job.   使我发愁的是如何再找到工作。 
  ▪ [VN-ADJ] 
   He's worried himself sick (= become extremely anxious) about his daughter.  他的女儿可把他愁坏了。 
  ▪ [VN that] 
   It worries me that he hasn't come home yet.   他还没有回家,这叫我放心不下。 
  ▪ [also VN to inf] 
3. [VN] ~ sb (with sth) to annoy or disturb sb  骚扰；烦扰；使不安宁:
   The noise never seems to worry her.   这噪音似乎从不让她厌烦。 
   Don't keep worrying him with a lot of silly questions.   别老用许多愚蠢的问题打扰他。 
4. [VN] (of a dog 狗) to attack animals, especially sheep, by chasing and / or biting them  攻击,撕咬(动物,尤指羊)
 IDIOMS 
▪ ˌnot to 'worry    (informal, especially ɑrə) it is not important; it does not matter  别担心；不必发愁；没关系:
   Not to worry—I can soon fix it.   别着急,我很快就能把它修理好。 
   Not to worry—no harm done.   别担心,没伤着。 
 PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ 'worry at sth 
1. to bite sth and shake or pull it  咬；撕扯；摇晃；拉扯:
   Rebecca worried at her lip.   丽贝卡咬着嘴唇。 
   He began to worry at the knot in the cord.   他开始解绳子上的结。 
2. to think about a problem a lot and try and find a solution  思考,苦想(解决办法)noun (pl. -ies)
1. [U] the state of worrying about sth  担心；忧虑；发愁
   SYN  anxiety :
   The threat of losing their jobs is a constant source of worry to them.   丢失工作的威胁时常使他们忧心忡忡。 
   to be frantic with worry   愁得要命 
2. [C] ~ (about / over sth) | ~ (for / to sb) something that worries you  令人担忧的事；让人发愁的事:
   family / financial worries   家庭中的/财务上的烦恼 
   worries about the future   对未来的担忧 
   Mugging is a real worry for many old people.   行凶抢劫确实令许多老人心神不安。 
   My only worry is that...   唯一令我担忧的是… 
▪ 'no worries! 
   (AustralE, NZE, informal) it's not a problem; it's all right (often used as a reply when sb thanks you for sth)  没什么,不客气,没关系(常用以回答别人的道谢)


————————————
★☆☆   worry beads
'worry beads noun [pl.]
   small beads on a string that you move and turn in order to keep calm  排愁串珠,安神串珠(用手捻转使自己镇静)


————————————
★☆☆   worrying
worry·ing / ˈwʌriiŋ; ŋæmə ˈwə:r- / adjective   that makes you worry  令人担忧的；令人发愁的:
   a worrying development   令人担忧的发展 
   It must be worrying for you not to know where he is.   你不知道他的下落一定很着急。 
   It is particularly worrying that nobody seems to be in charge.   特别令人担忧的是,似乎没有任何人在负责。 
   It's been a worrying time for us all.  我们大家一直忧心忡忡。 
• worry·ing·ly adv.:
   worryingly high levels of radiation   令人担忧的强辐射 
   Worryingly, the plan contains few details on how spending will be cut.   令人担忧的是,这项计划中有关如何削减开支的细则很少。 


————————————
★☆☆   worrywart
worry·wart / ˈwʌriwɔ:t; ŋæmə ˈwə:riwɔ:rt / noun   (ŋæmə, informal) a person who worries about unimportant things  自寻烦恼的人；爱发愁的人


————————————
★☆☆   wors
wors / vɔ:s; ŋæmə vɔ:rs / noun əu]
   (Sæfrə)  sausage   香肠；腊肠


————————————
★☆☆   worse
worse / wə:s; ŋæmə wə:rs / adjective  (comparative of bad * bad 的比较级) ~ (than sth / doing sth) 
1. of poorer quality or lower standard; less good or more unpleasant  更差；更糟；更坏:
   The rooms were awful and the food was worse.   房间很糟糕,吃的更差。 
   The weather got worse during the day.  日间天气变得更恶劣了。 
   The interview was much worse than he had expected.  这次面试比他预计的要糟得多。 
   I've been to far worse places.  我到过糟糕得多的地方。 
   There's nothing worse than going out in the cold with wet hair.  没有比在大冷天头发湿着外出更糟糕的了。 
2. more serious or severe  更严重的；更严厉的:
   They were trying to prevent an even worse tragedy.  他们正在设法避免更大的悲剧发生。 
   The crisis was getting worse and worse.  危机越来越严重了。 
   Don't tell her that—you'll only make things worse.  别把这事告诉她,你只会火上浇油。 
   Never mind—it could be worse (= although the situation is bad, it is not as bad as it might have been).  没关系,原本可能还要更糟。 
3. [not before noun] more ill / sick or unhappy  病情更重；健康恶化；更不愉快:
   If he gets any worse we'll call the doctor.   要是他的病情恶化,我们就请医生。 
   He told her she'd let them down and she felt worse than ever.  他对她说,她让他们失望了,于是她难过极了。 
 IDIOMS 
▪ come off 'worse 
   to lose a fight, competition, etc. or suffer more compared with others  (战斗、比赛等)失败,输得更惨
▪ go from ˌbad to 'worse 
(of a bad condition, situation, etc. 不好的情况、局势等) 
   to get even worse  每况愈下；越来越糟
▪ ˌworse 'luck! 
   (ɑrə, informal) used to show that you are disappointed about sth  (表示失望)倒霉,不幸,可惜:
   I shall have to miss the party, worse luck!   我参加不了这次聚会了,真倒霉！ 
⇨ more at bark n., fate n. adverb  (comparative of badly * badly 的比较级) ~ (than sth) 
1. less well  更坏；更差；更糟:
   I didn't do it very well, but, if anything, he did it worse than I did.   我干得不太好,但其实他干得比我还糟。 
2. more seriously or severely  更严重；更厉害:
   It's raining worse than ever.   雨下得比以往都大。 
3. used to introduce a statement about sth that is more serious or unpleasant than things already mentioned  更糟的是；更倒霉的是:
   She'd lost her job. Even worse, she'd lost her house and her children, too.   她丢了工作。更倒霉的是,她还失去了房子和孩子。 
▪ be ˌworse 'off 
   to be poorer, unhappier, etc. than before or than sb else  (比以前或其他人)更穷,更不愉快,更差:
   The increase in taxes means that we'll be £30 a month worse off than before.   税收的增加意味着我们将比以前每月少挣 30 英镑。 
▪ you can / could do worse than do sth 
   used to say that you think sth is a good idea  倒不如试做某事；你做某事倒不失可取:
   If you want a safe investment, you could do a lot worse than put your money in a building society.   你要想投资而不冒风险,倒不如把钱存到房屋建筑协会。 noun [U]
   more problems or bad news  更多的问题；更坏的消息:
   I'm afraid there is worse to come.   恐怕更糟的还在后头呢。 
▪ be none the 'worse (for sth) 
   to not be harmed by sth  没有受到(…的)不良影响:
   The kids were none the worse for their adventure.   孩子们没有因历险而受伤。 
▪ the ˌworse for 'wear 
(informal) 
1. in a poor condition because of being used a lot  用旧的；用坏的
2. drunk  喝醉的
⇨ more at better n., change n. 


————————————
★☆☆   worsen
worsen / ˈwə:sn; ŋæmə ˈwə:rsn / verb   to become or make sth worse than it was before  (使)变得更坏,变得更糟,恶化
   SYN  deteriorate :
  ▪ [V] 
   The political situation is steadily worsening.   政治局势在持续恶化。 
   Her health has worsened considerably since we last saw her.   自从我们上次见到她以来,她的身体差多了。 
  ▪ [VN] 
   Staff shortages were worsened by the flu epidemic.   由于流感,职员短缺的情况更加严重了。 
• worsen·ing noun [sing.] :
   a worsening of the international debt crisis   国际债务危机的加剧 
• worsen·ing adj.:
   worsening weather conditions   正在变坏的天气 


————————————
★☆☆   worship
wor·ship / ˈwə:ʃip; ŋæmə ˈwə:rʃip / noun1. əu] the practice of showing respect for God or a god, by saying prayers, singing with others, etc.; a ceremony for this  (对上帝或神的)崇拜,敬仰,礼拜:
   an act / a place of worship   礼拜；礼拜场所 
   ancestor worship   对祖先的祭祀 
   morning worship (= a church service in the morning)   早晨的礼拜 
2. [U] a strong feeling of love and respect for sb / sth  崇拜；崇敬；爱慕
   SYN  adoration 
⇨ see also hero worship 
3. His, Your, etc. Worship [C] (BrE, formal) a polite way of addressing or referring to a magistrate or mayor   (对治安官或市长的尊称)阁下verb (-pp-, NAmE also -p-)
1. [VN] to show respect for God or a god, especially by saying prayers, singing, etc. with other people in a religious building  崇敬,崇拜(上帝或神)；(尤指在宗教场所)做礼拜
2. [V] to go to a service in a religious building  到宗教场所参加礼拜:
   We worship at St Mary's.   我们在圣玛利教堂做礼拜。 
   He worshipped at the local mosque.   他在当地的清真寺做礼拜。 
3. [VN] to love and admire sb very much, especially so much that you cannot see their faults  热爱；爱慕,崇拜(尤指达到看不到缺点的地步):
   She worships her children.   她极度疼爱自己的儿女。 
   He worshipped her from afar (= he loved her but did not tell her his feelings).  他暗恋着她。 
   She worships the ground he walks on.  她对他的爱达到痴迷的程度。 


————————————
★☆☆   worshipful
wor·ship·ful / ˈwə:ʃipfl; ŋæmə ˈwə:rʃ- / adjective əonly before noun] 
1. (formal) showing or feeling respect and admiration for sb / sth  崇敬的；敬重的；爱慕的
2. Worshipful used in Britain in the titles of some mayors and some groups of craftsmen   尊敬的(英国用于某些市长和工匠团体的称号中):
   the Worshipful Company of Goldsmiths   (伦敦)金业公会 


————————————
★☆☆   worshipper
wor·ship·per (NAmE also wor·ship·er) / ˈwə:ʃipə(r); ŋæmə ˈwə:rʃ- / noun   a person who worships God or a god  崇拜上帝(或神)的人；做礼拜的人；敬神者；拜神者:
   regular worshippers at St Andrew's Church   经常到圣安德肋教堂做礼拜的人 
  (figurative) sun worshippers lying on the beach   躺在海滩上晒太阳的人们 


————————————
★☆☆   worst
worst / wə:st; ŋæmə wə:rst / adjective   (superlative of bad * bad 的最高级) of the poorest quality or lowest standard; worse than any other person or thing of a similar kind  最差的；最坏的；最糟的:
   It was by far the worst speech he had ever made.  这是他迄今发表过的最差的演讲。 
   What's the worst thing that could happen?   情况最坏会怎么样？ 
   What she said confirmed my worst fears (= proved they were right).  她的话证实了我最担心的事。 
 IDIOMS 
▪ be your ˌown worst 'enemy 
   to be the cause of your own problems  自讨苦吃；是自己问题的根源
▪ come off 'worst 
   to lose a fight, competition, etc. or suffer more compared with others  (在战斗、比赛等中)吃败仗,输得最惨adverb   (superlative of badly * badly 的最高级) most badly or seriously  最坏；最糟；最严重:
   He was voted the worst dressed celebrity.   大家一致认为他是衣着最差的名人。 
   Manufacturing industry was worst affected by the fuel shortage.   制造业受燃料短缺的影响最为严重。 
   Worst of all, I lost the watch my father had given me.  最糟糕的是,我把父亲送给我的表丢了。 nounthe worst [sing.]
   the most serious or unpleasant thing that could happen; the part, situation, possibility, etc. that is worse than any other  (可能发生的)最严重的事；最坏的部份(或情况、可能性等):
   The worst of the storm was over.   最厉害的一阵风暴过去了。 
   When they did not hear from her, they feared the worst.  他们听不到她的消息时,唯恐发生了最坏的事。 
   The worst of it is that I can't even be sure if they received my letter.  最糟糕的是,我甚至不能肯定他们是否收到了我的信。 
   He was always optimistic, even when things were at their worst.  他即使在情况最糟糕的时候也总是很乐观。 
▪ at (the) 'worst 
   used for saying what is the worst thing that can happen  (指可能出现的最坏情况)往最坏处说,充其量:
   At the very worst, he'll have to pay a fine.   在最坏的情况下,他得交罚款。 
▪ bring out the 'worst in sb 
   to make sb show their worst qualities  使原形毕露；使表现出最坏的品质:
   Pressure can bring out the worst in people.   压力可以使人现出原形。 
▪ do your 'worst 
(of a person 人) 
   to do as much damage or be as unpleasant as possible  进行最大破坏；使尽最坏的招数:
   Let them do their worst—we'll fight them every inch of the way.   随便他们干什么坏事吧,我们一定和他们拚到底。 
▪ get the 'worst of it 
   to be defeated  遭遇失败；吃败仗:
   He'd been in a fight and had obviously got the worst of it.   他打架了,而且显然是大败而归。 
▪ if the ˌworst comes to the 'worst 
(ŋæmə also if ˌworst comes to 'worst) 
   if the situation becomes too difficult or dangerous  如果发生最坏的事情；如果情况变得过于艰难(或危险):
   If the worst comes to the worst, we'll just have to sell the house.   如果最坏的事发生,我们就只好把房子卖掉。 
▪ the worst of 'all (possible) worlds 
   all the disadvantages of every situation  各种情况的所有不利因素verb [VN]
   (old-fashioned or formal) [usually passive] to defeat sb in a fight, a contest or an argument  (在打斗、比赛或辩论中)打败对方,战胜
   SYN  get the better of 


————————————
★☆☆   worst-case
'worst-case adjective [only before noun]
   involving the worst situation that could happen  最坏情况的:
   In the worst-case scenario more than two thousand people might be affected.  在最坏的情况下,有一万多人可能会受到影响。 


————————————
★☆☆   worsted
worst·ed / ˈwustid / noun əu]
   a type of cloth made of wool with a smooth surface, used for making clothes  精纺毛料:
   a grey worsted suit   一套灰色的精纺毛料西服 


————————————
★☆☆   worth
worth / wə:θ; ŋæmə wə:rθ / adjective ənot before noun]  (used like a preposition, followed by a noun, pronoun or number, or by the -ing form of a verb 用法同介词,后接名词、代词、数字或动词的 -ing 形式) 
1. having a value in money, etc.  有…价值；值…钱:
   Our house is worth about £100 000.   我们的房子大约值 10 万英镑。 
   How much is this painting worth?   这幅画值多少钱？ 
   to be worth a bomb / packet / fortune (= a lot of money)   值一大笔钱 
   It isn't worth much.   这不值多少钱。 
   If you answer this question correctly, it's worth nine points.   答对了这道题可以得五分。 
⇨ note at price 
2. ~ sth / doing sth used to recommend the action mentioned because you think it may be useful, enjoyable, etc.  (指行动)值得,有价值:
   The museum is certainly worth a visit.   这家博物馆的确值得参观。 
   This idea is well worth considering.  这个想法很值得考虑。 
   It's worth making an appointment before you go.   去之前预约一下是值得的。 
3. ~ sth / doing sth important, good or enjoyable enough to make sb feel satisfied, especially when difficulty or effort is involved  值得(费周折):
   Was it worth the effort?   这值得花费力气吗？ 
   The new house really wasn't worth all the expense involved.   这座新房子确实不值这么多的花费。 
   The job involves a lot of hard work but it's worth it.  这工作需要花费很大力气,但是值得。 
   The trip was expensive but it was worth every penny.  这次旅行花费很大,但是花的每一分钱都不冤枉。 
⇨ see also worthwhile 
4. (of a person 人) having money and possessions of a particular value  拥有…价值的财产:
   He's worth £10 million.   他拥有 1 000 万英镑的财产。 
 IDIOMS 
▪ for ˌall sb / it is 'worth 
1. with great energy, effort and determination  竭尽全力；拚命；十分坚定:
   He was rowing for all he was worth.   他在拚命地划船。 
2. in order to get as much as you can from sb / sth  尽量(多得)；拚命(榨取):
   She is milking her success for all it's worth.   她在利用自己成功的机会拚命捞好处。 
▪ for ˌwhat it's 'worth 
   (informal) used to emphasize that what you are saying is only your own opinion or suggestion and may not be very helpful  (所说的只是个人意见)无论管不管用,不论好坏:
   I prefer this colour, for what it's worth.   无论好坏,我喜欢这个颜色。 
▪ (the game is) not worth the 'candle    (old-fashioned, saying) the advantages to be gained from doing sth are not great enough, considering the effort or cost involved  得不偿失；代价太高
▪ not worth the paper it's 'written / 'printed on 
(of an agreement or official document 协议或正式文件) 
   having no value, especially legally, or because six of the people involved has no intention of doing what they said they would  (尤指在法律上)毫无价值
▪ ˌworth your / its 'salt 
   deserving respect, especially because you do your job well  称职；胜任:
   Any teacher worth her salt knows that.   凡称职的教师都知道这一点。 
▪ ˌworth your / its ˌweight in 'gold 
   very useful or valuable  非常有用；很有价值:
   A good mechanic is worth his weight in gold.   一位优秀的技工是不可多得的。 
▪ ˌworth sb's 'while 
   interesting or useful for sb to do  对…有好处(或用处)；值得:
   It will be worth your while to come to the meeting.   你来参加会议对你会大有好处。 
   He'll do the job if you make it worth his while (= pay him well).  你要是给他的报酬丰厚,他会做这份工作的。 
⇨ more at bird , job noun [U] 
1. ten dollars', £40, etc. ~ of sth an amount of sth that has the value mentioned  价值(十元、40 英镑等)的东西:
   The winner will receive two pounds' worth of books.   获胜者将得到价值十英镑的书籍。 
   a dollar's worth of change   一元的零钱 
2. a week's, month's, etc. ~ of sth an amount of sth that lasts a week, etc.  能用(一个星期、一个月等)的东西
3. the financial, practical or moral value of sb / sth  价值；意义；作用:
   Their contribution was of great worth.   他们的贡献具有伟大的意义。 
   The activities help children to develop a sense of their own worth.   这些活动有助于儿童培养自身的价值感。 
   A good interview enables candidates to prove their worth (= show how good they are).  好的面试可以让求职者证明他们的价值。 
   a personal net worth of $10 million   价值 1 000 万元的个人净资产 
⇨ more at cent n., money 


————————————
★☆☆   worthless
worth·less / ˈwə:θləs; ŋæmə ˈwə:rθ- / adjective1. having no practical or financial value  没用的；无价值的:
   Critics say his paintings are worthless.   批评家说他的画毫无价值。 
   OPP valuable 
2. (of a person 人) having no good qualities or useful skills  品质坏的；不中用的:
   a worthless individual   品质坏的人 
   Constant rejections made him feel worthless.   不断地遭到拒绝使他觉得一无是处。 
• worth·less·ness noun [U] :
   a sense of worthlessness   没有价值的感觉 


————————————
★☆☆   worthwhile
worth·while / ˌwə:θˈwail; ŋæmə ˌwə:rθ- / adjective   ~ (to do sth) | ~ (doing sth) important, enjoyable, interesting, etc.; worth spending time, money or effort on  重要的；令人愉快的；有趣的；值得花时间(或花钱、努力等):
   It was in aid of a worthwhile cause (= a charity, etc.).  这是在为高尚的事业尽一分力。 
   The smile on her face made it all worthwhile.   她脸上的笑容使得这一切都非常值得。 
   High prices in the UK make it worthwhile for buyers to look abroad.  英国的高价足以使买主把视线转向国外。 
   It is worthwhile to include really high-quality illustrations.  把真正高质量的插图包括进去是值得的。 
   It didn't seem worthwhile writing it all out again.   把这再都写出来似乎不必要。  HELP This word can be written worth while, except when it is used before a noun.  除非用在名词前,否则可写成 worth while。


————————————
★☆☆   worthy
worthy / ˈwə:ði; ŋæmə ˈwə:rði / adjective (wor·thier, wor·thi·est)
1. ~ (of sb / sth) (formal) having the qualities that deserve sb / sth  值得(或应得)…的:
   to be worthy of attention   值得注意 
   A number of the report's findings are worthy of note.  这份报告里有些调查结果值得注意。 
   No composer was considered worthy of the name until he had written an opera.   作曲家直到写出一部歌剧来才被认为是名副其实。 
   a worthy champion (= one who deserved to win)   当之无愧的冠军 
   He felt he was not worthy of her.   他觉得他配不上她。 
   OPP unworthy 
2. [usually before noun] having qualities that deserve your respect, attention or admiration  值得尊敬的；值得注意的；值得敬仰的
   SYN  deserving :
   The money we raise will be going to a very worthy cause.  我们筹集的钱款将用于非常崇高的事业。 
   a worthy member of the team   一位优秀的队员 
3. having good qualities but not very interesting or exciting  值得尊敬的,有价值的(但不太令人感兴趣或激动的):
   her worthy but dull husband   她那为人正派却呆板的丈夫 
4. ~ of sb / sth typical of what a particular person or thing might do, give, etc.  有(某人或事物)的典型特征:
   He gave a speech that was worthy of Martin Luther King.   他作了一次典型的马丁 · 路德 · 金式的演讲。 
5. -worthy (in compounds 构成复合词) deserving, or suitable for, the thing mentioned  值得…的；适于…的:
   trustworthy   值得信任的 
   roadworthy   适于在公路上行驶的 
• wor·thily / -ili / adv. 
• worthi·ness noun [U] noun (pl. -ies)
   (often humorous) an important person  要人；大人物；知名人士:
   a meeting attended by local worthies   当地知名人士参加的会议 


————————————
★☆☆   wot
wot (BrE, non-standard, often humorous) 
   a way of writing 'what', used to show that sb is speaking very informal English  (what 的一种写法,表示说话者用极不正规的英语)什么:
   'Wot's going on?' he shouted.   "出了什么事？"他喊道。 


————————————
★☆☆   wotcha
wotcha / ˈwɔtʃə; ŋæmə ˈwɑ:tʃə / exclamation (ɑrə, informal) 
   used as a friendly way of saying hello to a person  你好；嗨:
   Wotcha Dave—thanks for coming.   你好,戴夫——谢谢光临。 


————————————
★☆☆   would
would / strong form wud; weak form wəd; əd / modal verb (short form 'd / d / , negative would not, short form wouldn't / ˈwudnt / )
1. used as the past form of will when reporting what sb has said or thought  (will 的过去式,用于转述)将,将会:
   He said he would be here at three o'clock (= His words were: 'I will be there at three o'clock.').  他说他将在八点钟到达这里。 
   She asked if I would help.   她问我是否会帮忙。 
   They told me that they probably wouldn't come.   他们对我说他们可能不来了。 
2. used for talking about the result of an event that you imagine  (带出想像的结果):
   She'd look better with shorter hair.   她留短发会显得好看些。 
   If you went to see him, he would be delighted.   倘若你去看望他,他会高兴的。 
   Hurry up! It would be a shame to miss the beginning of the play.   快点儿！要是错过这出戏的开场就太可惜了。 
   She'd be a fool to accept it (= if she accepted).  她倘若接受,那她就是个傻瓜。 
3. used for describing a possible action or event that did not in fact happen, because sth else did not happen first  (表示可能发生的事情没有发生,是因为之前另一件事没有发生)就会:
   If I had seen the advertisement in time I would have applied for the job.   我要是及时看到了这则广告,我就应聘那份工作了。 
   They would never have met if she hadn't gone to Emma's party.   她如果不去参加埃玛的聚会,他们就永远不会相会。 
4. so that / in order that sb / sth ~ used for saying why sb does sth  (说明动机):
   She burned the letters so that her husband would never read them.   她把那些信都烧了以便永远不让她丈夫看见。 
5. wish (that) sb / sth ~ used for saying what you want to happen  (表达愿望)会,将会:
   I wish you'd be quiet for a minute.   我希望你会安静一会儿。 
6. used to show that sb / sth was not willing or refused to do sth  (表示不愿意):
   She wouldn't change it, even though she knew it was wrong.   尽管她知道这错了,她也不肯改变。 
   My car wouldn't start this morning.   今天早晨我的汽车怎么也发动不起来。 
7. used to ask sb politely to do sth  (客气地请求):
   Would you mind leaving us alone for a few minutes?  你不介意让我们单独待一会吧？ 
   Would you open the door for me, please?   请你给我开门好吗？ 
8. used in polite offers or invitations  (客气地建议或邀请):
   Would you like a sandwich?  您来一个三明治好吗？ 
   Would you have dinner with me on Friday?   请你星期五和我一起用餐好吗？ 
9. ~ like, love, hate, prefer, etc. sth / (sb) to do sth ~ rather do sth / sb did sth used to say what you like, love, hate, etc.  (表示愿意、喜欢、不愿意等):
   I'd love a coffee.   我想喝杯咖啡。 
   I'd be only too glad to help.   我非常愿意帮忙。 
   I'd hate you to think I was criticizing you.   我可不愿意让你认为我是在批评你。 
   I'd rather come with you.   我倒愿意和你一起去。 
   I'd rather you came with us.   我倒愿意你和我们一块儿去。 
10. ~ imagine, say, think, etc. (that)... used to give opinions that you are not certain about  (提出拿不准的看法):
   I would imagine the job will take about ten days.   我猜想这工作大概需要两天左右的时间吧。 
   I'd say he was about fifty.   我猜他五十岁上下。 
11. I would... used to give advice  (提出忠告):
   I wouldn't have any more to drink,  if I were you.  我要是你的话,我就不会再喝酒了。 
12. used for talking about things that often happened in the past  (带出过去常见的情况)总是,老是
   SYN  used to :
   When my parents were away, my grandmother would take care of me.   我父母外出的时候,总是祖母照看我。 
   He'd always be the first to offer to help.   他总是第一个主动提出帮忙。 
13. (usually disapproving) used for talking about behaviour that you think is typical  (带出特有的行为)总是,爱,好,就:
   'She said it was your fault.' 'Well, she would say that,  wouldn't she? She's never liked me.'  "她说这是你的错。" "唉,她总是这么说,不是吗？她从来就没有喜欢过我。" 
14. ~ that... (literary) used to express a strong wish  (用以表示强烈的愿望):
   Would that he had lived to see it.   他要是能活到看见这该多好哇。 
⇨ note at modal 
⇨ note at should 


————————————
★☆☆   would-be
'would-be adjective [only before noun] 
   used to describe sb who is hoping to become the type of person mentioned  (形容想要成为…的人)未来的:
   a would-be actor   想要成为演员的人 
   advice for would-be parents   对即将成为父母的人的忠告 


————————————
★☆☆   wound
wound¹ / wu:nd / 
⇨ see also wound ²noun1. an injury to part of the body, especially six in which a hole is made in the skin using a weapon  (身体上的)伤,伤口；(武器造成的)伤:
   a leg / head, etc. wound   腿伤、头伤等 
   a bullet / knife / gunshot / stab wound   枪伤；刀伤；枪伤；刺伤 
   an old war wound   战争中的旧伤 
   The nurse cleaned the wound.  护士清洗了伤口。 
   The wound healed slowly.  伤口瘉合得很慢。 
   He died from the wounds he had received to his chest.   他由于胸部受伤而死亡。 
⇨ see also flesh wound 
⇨ note at injure 
2. mental or emotional pain caused by sth unpleasant that has been said or done to you  (心灵上的)伤,创伤:
   After a serious argument, it can take some time for the wounds to heal.   激烈争吵之后的感情创伤需要一些时间才能瘉合。 
   Seeing him again opened up old wounds.  再次见到他打开了旧的创伤。 
 IDIOMS 
⇨ see lick v., reopen , rub v. verb [VN] [often passive] 
1. to injure part of the body, especially by making a hole in the skin using a weapon  使(身体)受伤；(用武器)伤害:
   He had been wounded in the arm.   他的手臂受了伤。 
2. to hurt sb's feelings  使(心灵)受伤；伤感情:
   She felt deeply wounded by his cruel remarks.  他那刻薄的话语使她感到深受伤害。  wound² / waund / pt, pp of wind 
⇨ see also wound ¹


————————————
★☆☆   wounded
wound·ed / ˈwu:ndid / adjective1. injured by a weapon, for example in a war  (身体)受伤的；负伤的:
   wounded soldiers   伤兵 
   seriously wounded   伤势严重 
   There were 79 killed and 230 wounded.   有 79 人死亡,230 人受伤。 
2. feeling emotional pain because of sth unpleasant that sb has said or done  (感情)受损害的,受伤害的:
   wounded pride   受到伤害的自尊心 
3. the wounded noun [pl.] people who are wounded, for example in a war  伤员；伤兵；伤号


————————————
★☆☆   wounding
wound·ing / ˈwu:ndiŋ / adjective   that hurts sb's feelings  伤感情的:
   He found her remarks deeply wounding.   他觉得她的话十分伤人。 


————————————
★☆☆   wove
wove pt of weave 


————————————
★☆☆   woven
woven pp of weave 


————————————
★☆☆   wow
wow / wau / exclamation(also wowee / ˌwauˈi: / ) (informal) 
   used to express great surprise or admiration  (表示极大的惊奇或钦佩)哇,呀:
   Wow! You look terrific!   哇！你的样子太酷了！ verb [VN]
   ~ sb (with sth) (informal) to impress sb very much, especially with a performance  (尤指以表演)博得…的称赞,使喝彩,使叫绝:
   He wowed audiences around the country with his new show.   他以他的新节目博得了全国各地观众的交口称赞。 noun1. [sing.] (informal) a great success  极大的成功；一鸣惊人之举:
   Don't worry. You'll be a wow.   别担心。你会一鸣惊人的。 
2. [U] (technical 术语) gradual changes in the pitch of sound played on a record or tape  (唱片或录音磁带逐渐出现的)走调,失真,颤动
⇨ compare flutter  n. (6) 


————————————
★☆☆   wow factor
'wow factor noun [sing.]
   (informal) the quality sth has of being very impressive or surprising to people  令人叫好的性质；使人惊奇的因素:
   If you want to sell your house quickly, it needs a wow factor.   若想很快把房子卖掉,就得找个卖点。 


————————————
★☆☆   wowser
wow·ser / ˈwauzə(r) / noun (æustralə, ŋɛə, informal) 
1. a person who criticizes people who are enjoying themselves  批评别人玩乐者；反对享受的人
   SYN  killjoy 
2. a person who does not drink alcohol  不喝酒的人
   SYN  teetotaller 


————————————
★☆☆   WPC
WPC / ˌdʌblju: pi: ˈsi: / noun   (ɑrə) the abbreviation for 'woman police constable' (a woman police officer of the lowest rank)  女警察(全写为 woman police constable,警衔最低的女警察):
   WPC (Linda) Green   (琳达)格林女警察 


————————————
★☆☆   wpm
wpm abbreviation   words per minute  每分钟字数；字/分钟:
   to type at 60 wpm   每分钟打 60 个字 


————————————
★☆☆   WRAC
WRAC / ræk; ˌdʌblju: ɑ:r ei ˈsi: / abbreviation   (in ɑritain) θomen's ɔoyal ærmy ɔorps   (英国)皇家陆军妇女队


————————————
★☆☆   wrack
wrack = rack v. 


————————————
★☆☆   WRAF
WRAF / ræf; ˌdʌblju: ɑ:r ei ˈef / abbreviation   (in ɑritain) θomen's ɔoyal æir ʃorce   (英国)皇家空军妇女队


————————————
★☆☆   wraith
wraith / reiθ / noun   the ghost of a person that is seen a short time before or after that person dies  (临终前后显现的)活人灵魂,鬼魂
   SYN  spectre :
   a wraith-like figure (= a very thin, pale person)   瘦削苍白、幽灵似的人 


————————————
★☆☆   wrangle
wran·gle / ˈræŋɡl / noun   ~ (with sb) (over sth) | ~ (between æ and ɑ) an argument that is complicated and continues over a long period of time  (长时间的)争论,争吵:
   a legal wrangle between the company and their suppliers   这家公司与各供货商之间长期的法律纠纷 
• wran·gling noun [U, C] verb [V]
   ~ (with sb) (over / about sth) to argue angrily and usually for a long time about sth  (通常为长时间地)争吵,争辩:
   They're still wrangling over the financial details.   他们仍在为财务细节争吵。 


————————————
★☆☆   wrangler
wran·gler / ˈræŋɡlə(r) / noun   (ŋæmə, informal) a cowboy or a cowgirl , especially six who takes care of horses  (尤指放马的)牛仔,女牛仔


————————————
★☆☆   wrap
wrap / ræp / verb (-pp-) 
1. əʒŋ] ~ sth (up) (in sth) to cover sth completely in paper or other material, for example when you are giving it as a present  包,裹(礼物等):
   He spent the evening wrapping up the Christmas presents.   他花了一个晚上的时间把圣诞礼物都包了起来。 
   individually wrapped chocolates   单块包装的巧克力 
⇨ see also gift-wrap 
2. [VN] ~ A (up) in B | ~ B round / around A to cover sth / sb in material, for example in order to protect it / them  用…包裹(或包扎、覆盖等):
   I wrapped the baby (up) in a blanket.   我用毯子把婴儿裹了起来。 
   I wrapped a blanket around the baby.   我用毯子把婴儿裹了起来。 
   Wrap the meat in foil before you cook it.   把肉用锡箔裹起来后再烧。 
⇨ see also shrink-wrapped 
3. [VN] ~ sth around / round sth / sb to put sth firmly around sth / sb  用…缠绕(或围紧):
   A scarf was wrapped around his neck.   他的脖子上围着一条围巾。 
   His arms were wrapped around her waist.   他的双臂紧紧环抱她的腰。 
4. ~ (sth) (around / round) (computing 计) to cause text to be carried over to a new line automatically as you reach the end of the previous line; to be carried over in this way  (使文字)换行:
  ▪ [VN] 
   How can I wrap the text around?   我怎么才能使文本换行呢？ 
  ▪ [V] 
   The text wraps around if it is too long to fit the screen.   如果文本太长,在显示屏放不下的话,会自动换行。 
⇨ compare unwrap 
 IDIOMS 
▪ be ˌwrapped 'up in sb / sth 
   to be so involved with sb / sth that you do not pay enough attention to other people or things  专心致志于；全神贯注于；完全沉浸于
   SYN  absorbed , engrossed 
⇨ more at little finger 
 PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ ˌwrap 'up | ˌwrap it 'up (slang) 
   usually used as an order to tell sb to stop talking or causing trouble, etc.  住口；闭嘴；别再捣乱
▪ ˌwrap 'up | ˌwrap sb / yourself 'up 
   to put warm clothes on sb / yourself  (使)穿得暖和:
   She told them to wrap up warm / warmly.  她叫他们穿暖和点。 
▪ ˌwrap sth ↔ 'up (informal) 
   to complete sth such as an agreement or a meeting in an acceptable way  圆满完成,顺利结束(协议或会议等):
   That just about wraps it up for today.   这就差不多给今天画了个圆满的句号。 noun1. [C] a piece of cloth that a woman wears around her shoulders for decoration or to keep warm  (女用)披肩,围巾
2. [U] paper, plastic, etc. that is used for wrapping things in  包裹(或包装)材料:
   We stock a wide range of cards and gift wrap.  我们备有各种各样的贺卡和礼品包装材料。 
⇨ see also plastic wrap 
3. [sing.] used when making a film / movie to say that filming has finished  (拍摄电影时)完成拍摄,停机:
   Cut! That's a wrap.   停！就拍摄到这儿。 
4. [C] a type of sandwich made with a cold tortilla rolled around meat or vegetables  墨西哥卷(用冻玉米薄饼裹肉或蔬菜而成的三明治)
▪ under 'wraps    (informal) being kept secret until some time in the future  保密；隐藏:
   Next year's collection is still being kept under wraps.   明年的时装系列仍在保密之中。 


————————————
★☆☆   wrap-around
'wrap-around adjective1. curving or stretching round at the sides  弯曲(或伸展)至两边的:
   wrap-around sunglasses   面罩型太阳眼镜 
2. (of a piece of clothing 衣服) having six part that is pulled over to cover another part at the front and then loosely fastened  围裹式的:
   a wrap-around skirt   裹裙 


————————————
★☆☆   wraparounds
wrap·arounds / ˈræpəraundz / noun əpl.]
   a pair of sunglasses that fit closely and curve round the sides of the head  面罩型太阳眼镜


————————————
★☆☆   wrapped
wrapped / ræpt / adjective   (æustralə, informal) extremely pleased  极高兴的；十分满意的:
   The minister declared that he was wrapped.   部长公开表示他特别满意。 


————————————
★☆☆   wrapper
wrap·per / ˈræpə(r) / 
1. noun   a piece of paper, plastic, etc. that is wrapped around sth, especially food, when you buy it in order to protect it and keep it clean  (食品等的)包装材料,包装纸,包装塑料:
   (BrE) sweet wrappers   糖果包装纸 
   (NAmE) candy wrappers   糖果包装纸 
2. (WAfrE) a piece of cloth that is worn as an item of clothing around the waist and legs  (腰际和腿部的)围裹式服装


————————————
★☆☆   wrapping
wrap·ping / ˈræpiŋ / noun əu]
   (also wrap·pings əpl.]) paper, plastic, etc. used for covering sth in order to protect it  包装材料；包装纸；包装塑料:
   She tore the cellophane wrapping off the box.   她把包装盒子的玻璃纸撕了下来。 
   shrink wrapping (= plastic designed to shrink around objects so that it fits them tightly)   收缩塑料薄膜 
   The painting was still in its wrappings.   那幅画仍然包装着。 


————————————
★☆☆   wrapping paper
'wrapping paper noun [U]
   coloured paper used for wrapping presents  (包装礼品的)彩色包装纸:
   a piece / sheet / roll of wrapping paper   一块/张 / 卷彩色包装纸 


————————————
★☆☆   wrasse
wrasse / ræs / noun (pl. wrasse or wrasses)
   a sea fish with thick lips and strong teeth  隆头鱼


————————————
★☆☆   wrath
wrath / rɔθ; ŋæmə ræθ / noun əu]
   (old-fashioned or formal) extreme anger  盛怒；震怒；怒火:
   the wrath of God   上帝的愤怒 
• wrath·ful / -fl / adj. 
• wrath·ful·ly adv. 


————————————
★☆☆   wreak
wreak / ri:k / verb əʒŋ]
   ~ sth (on sb) (formal) to do great damage or harm to sb / sth  造成(巨大的破坏或伤害):
   Their policies would wreak havoc on the economy.  他们的政策将对经济造成巨大的破坏。 
   He swore to wreak vengeance on those who had betrayed him.  他发誓要对背叛他的人进行报复。 
⇨ see also wrought 


————————————
★☆☆   wreath
wreath / ri:θ / noun (pl. wreaths / ri:ðz / )
1. an arrangement of flowers and leaves, especially in the shape of a circle, placed on graves, etc. as a sign of respect for sb who has died  花圈(用于祭奠):
   The Queen laid a wreath at the war memorial.  女王向阵亡将士纪念碑献了花圈。 
2. an arrangement of flowers and / or leaves in the shape of a circle, traditionally hung on doors as a decoration at Christmas  花环(传统上圣诞节时挂在门上):
   a holly wreath   圣诞冬青花环 
3. a circle of flowers or leaves worn on the head, and used in the past as a sign of honour  花冠(旧时用作荣誉的象征):
   a laurel wreath   桂冠 
4. (literary) a circle of smoke, cloud, etc.  (烟、云等的)圈,缭绕


————————————
★☆☆   wreathe
wreathe / ri:ð / verb (formal) 
1. əʒŋ] əusually passive] ~ sth (in / with sth) to surround or cover sth  环绕；覆盖；笼罩:
   The mountain tops were wreathed in mist.   山顶笼罩在薄雾之中。 
  (figurative) Her face was wreathed in smiles (= she was smiling a lot).  她脸上乐开了花。 
2. [V +adv. / prep.] to move slowly and lightly, especially in circles  缓缓移动；盘绕；缠绕；萦绕
   SYN  weave :
   smoke wreathing into the sky   袅袅升空的烟 


————————————
★☆☆   wreck
wreck / rek / noun1. a ship that has sunk or that has been very badly damaged  沉船；严重损毁的船
⇨ see also shipwreck 
2. a car, plane, etc. that has been very badly damaged in an accident  (事故中)遭严重毁坏的汽车(或飞机等):
   Two passengers are still trapped in the wreck.   有两名乘客仍被困在失事的车辆里。 
⇨ note at crash 
3. [usually sing.] (informal) a person who is in a bad physical or mental condition  (身体或精神上)受到严重损伤的人:
   Physically, I was a total wreck.   从身体上说,我完全是一个废人。 
   The interview reduced him to a nervous wreck.  这次面试使得他的精神高度紧张。 
4. (informal) a vehicle, building, etc. that is in very bad condition  状况非常糟糕的车辆(或建筑物等):
   The house was a wreck when we bought it.   我们买下这座房子时,它破烂不堪。 
  (figurative) They still hoped to salvage something from the wreck of their marriage.   他们仍然希望从他们破碎的婚姻中挽回点什么。 
5. (NAmE) = crash  n. (1) :
   a car / train wreck   汽车/火车失事 verb [VN] 
1. to damage or destroy sth  破坏；损坏；毁坏:
   The building had been wrecked by the explosion.   那座楼房被炸毁了。 
   The road was littered with wrecked cars.   公路上到处都弃置着被撞坏的汽车。 
2. ~ sth (for sb) to spoil sth completely  毁灭；毁掉:
   The weather wrecked all our plans.   天气把我们的计划全都毁了。 
   A serious injury nearly wrecked his career.   一次重伤差点儿葬送了他的前程。 
3. [usually passive] to damage a ship so much that it sinks or can no longer sail  使(船舶)失事；使遇难；使下沉:
   The ship was wrecked off the coast of France.   那艘船在法国的沿岸失事。 
⇨ see also shipwreck 


————————————
★☆☆   wreckage
wreck·age / ˈrekidʒ / noun əu]
   the parts of a vehicle, building, etc. that remain after it has been badly damaged or destroyed  (车辆等的)残骸；(建筑物等的)废墟:
   A few survivors were pulled from the wreckage.   从废墟中扒出了几个幸存者。 
   Pieces of wreckage were found two miles away from the scene of the explosion.   从离爆炸现场十英里外的地方发现了残骸碎片。 
  (figurative) Could nothing be rescued from the wreckage of her dreams?   难道从她那破灭的梦想中就找不出一丝希望了吗？ 


————————————
★☆☆   wrecked
wrecked / rekt / adjective1. əonly before noun] having been wrecked   失事的；遇难的；毁坏的:
   a wrecked ship / marriage   遇难的船只；破裂的婚姻 
2. [not before noun] (BrE, slang) very drunk  喝得烂醉


————————————
★☆☆   wrecker
wreck·er / ˈrekə(r) / noun1. a person who ruins another person's plans, relationship, etc.  (对他人计划、关系等的)破坏者
2. (NAmE) a vehicle used for moving other vehicles that have been damaged in an accident  救险车


————————————
★☆☆   wrecking ball
'wrecking ball noun   a heavy metal ball that swings from a crane and is used to hit a building to make it fall down  (悬挂于吊车供拆除建筑物用的)破碎球,落锤


————————————
★☆☆   wren
wren / ren / noun   a very small brown bird  鹪鹩(形小,浅褐色)


————————————
★☆☆   wrench
wrench / rentʃ / verb1. to pull or twist sth / sb / yourself suddenly and violently  猛拉；猛扭；猛拧
   SYN  jerk 
  ▪ [VN , usually +adv. / prep.] 
   The bag was wrenched from her grasp.   那只包从她紧握的手里被夺了出来。 
   He grabbed Ben, wrenching him away from his mother.   他抓住本,把他从他母亲那里一把抢走了。 
  (figurative) Guy wrenched his mind back to the present.   盖伊的思绪猛地回到现在。 
  ▪ [VN-ADJ] 
   They wrenched the door open.   他们猛地把门拉开了。 
   She managed to wrench herself free.   她终于设法挣脱出来。 
  ▪ [also V] 
2. [VN] to twist and injure a part of your body, especially your ankle or shoulder  扭伤(脚踝、肩膀等)
   SYN  twist :
   She wrenched her knee when she fell.   她跌倒时把膝盖扭伤了。 
3. ~ sth (from sb) | ~ (at) sth (formal) to make sb feel great pain or unhappiness, especially so that they make a sound or cry  使痛苦,使十分难过(尤指以致哭喊出声):
  ▪ [VN] 
   His words wrenched a sob from her.   他的话使得她难过得哭泣起来。 
  ▪ [V] 
   Her words wrenched at my heart.   她的话使得我心如刀绞。 
   a wrenching experience   苦难的经历 
⇨ see also gut-wrenching noun1. (especially NAmE) (BrE usually span·ner) [C] a metal tool with a specially shaped end for holding and turning things, including one which can be adjusted to fit objects of different sizes, also called a monkey wrench or an adjustable spanner   扳钳；扳手
2. [sing.] pain or unhappiness that you feel when you have to leave a person or place that you love  (离别的)痛苦,难受:
   Leaving home was a terrible wrench for me.   对我来说离开家是件十分痛苦的事。 
3. [C, usually sing.] a sudden and violent twist or pull  猛扭；猛拉:
   She stumbled and gave her ankle a painful wrench.   她绊了一跤,把脚踝崴得很痛。 
 IDIOMS 
▪ throw a 'wrench in / into sth 
(NAmE, informal) = throw a monkey wrench in / into sth  at  monkey wrench 


————————————
★☆☆   wrest
wrest / rest / verb PHɔæSæɚ ʒəɔɑS 
▪ 'wrest sth from sb / sth (formal) 
1. to take sth such as power or control from sb / sth with great effort  攫取,抢夺(权力):
   They attempted to wrest control of the town from government forces.  他们企图从政府军手中夺取对这个城镇的控制权。 
2. to take sth from sb that they do not want to give, suddenly or violently  抢,夺(物品)
   SYN  wrench :
   He wrested the gun from my grasp.   他把枪从我手里抢走了。 


————————————
★☆☆   wrestle
wres·tle / ˈresl / verb1. ~ (with sb) to fight sb by holding them and trying to throw or force them to the ground, sometimes as a sport  摔跤:
  ▪ [V] 
   As a boy he had boxed and wrestled.   他小的时候又是打拳又是摔跤。 
   Armed guards wrestled with the intruder.   武装警衞和闯入者扭打起来。 
  ▪ [VN] 
   Shoppers wrestled the raider to the ground.   购物的人把抢劫者摔倒在地上。 
2. ~ (with sth) to struggle to deal with sth that is difficult  奋力对付；努力处理；全力解决
   SYN  battle , grapple :
  ▪ [V] 
   She had spent the whole weekend wrestling with the problem.   她整个周末都在绞尽脑汁处理这个问题。 
   He wrestled with the controls as the plane plunged.   飞机向下冲时,他竭力控制住操纵装置。 
  ▪ [V to inf] 
   She has been wrestling to raise the money all year.   她一年来一直在想方设法筹集这笔资金。 
  ▪ [also VN] 


————————————
★☆☆   wrestler
wrest·ler / ˈreslə(r) / noun   a person who takes part in the sport of wrestling   摔跤运动员


————————————
★☆☆   wrestling
wrest·ling / ˈresliŋ / noun əu]
   a sport in which two people fight by holding each other and trying to throw or force the other one to the ground  摔跤运动


————————————
★☆☆   wretch
wretch / retʃ / noun1. a person that you feel sympathy or pity for  不幸的人；可怜的人:
   a poor wretch   可怜的人 
2. (often humorous) an evil, unpleasant or annoying person  恶棍；坏蛋；无赖；无耻之徒


————————————
★☆☆   wretched
wretch·ed / ˈretʃid / adjective1. (of a person 人) feeling ill / sick or unhappy  感到不适的；难受的；不愉快的:
   You look wretched—what's wrong?   你看起来愁眉苦脸的,怎么啦？ 
   I felt wretched about the way things had turned out.   事情落了这么个结局,我感到很难受。 
2. (formal) extremely bad or unpleasant  极坏的；恶劣的
   SYN  awful :
   She had a wretched time of it at school.   她上学时的日子十分难熬。 
   The animals are kept in the most wretched conditions.   这些动物的饲养条件极其恶劣。 
3. (formal) making you feel sympathy or pity  可怜的；悲惨的
   SYN  pitiful :
   She finally agreed to have the wretched animal put down.   她最后同意把这头可怜的动物人道毁灭。 
4. [only before noun] (informal) used to show that you think that sb / sth is extremely annoying  (表示憎恶)该死的,无法容忍的:
   Is it that wretched woman again?   这又是那个该死的女人吧？ 
• wretch·ed·ly adv. 
• wretch·ed·ness noun [U] 


————————————
★☆☆   wriggle
wrig·gle / ˈriɡl / verb1. ~ (about / around) to twist and turn your body or part of it with quick short movements  扭动身体；扭来扭去
   SYN  wiggle :
  ▪ [V] 
   The baby was wriggling around on my lap.   婴儿在我大腿上扭来扭去。 
  ▪ [VN] 
   She wriggled her toes.   她扭动着脚趾。 
2. [usually +adv. / prep.] to move somewhere by twisting and turning your body or part of it  蠕动；甩动而行；蜿蜒行进
   SYN  squirm :
  ▪ [V] 
   The fish wriggled out of my fingers.   那条鱼从我指缝中一甩身溜走了。 
  ▪ [V-ADJ] 
   She managed to wriggle free.   她设法扭动着挣脱了。 
  ▪ [VN] 
   They wriggled their way through the tunnel.  他们在地道中蜿蜒行进。 
 PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ ˌwriggle 'out of sth / out of doing sth (informal, disapproving) 
   to avoid doing sth that you should do, especially by thinking of clever excuses  耍滑不做,逃避(应做的事):
   He tried desperately to wriggle out of giving a clear answer.   他竭力支支吾吾不给予明确的回答。 noun [usually sing.]
   an act of wriggling   扭动；蠕动；蜿蜒行进


————————————
★☆☆   wring
wring / riŋ / verb (wrung, wrung / rʌŋ / ) 
  ▪ [VN] 
1. ~ sth (out) to twist and squeeze clothes, etc. in order to get the water out of them  拧,绞,拧出,绞出(衣服等中的水)
2. if you wring a bird's neck, you twist it in order to kill the bird  拧,扭(鸟的脖子,以将其杀死)
 IDIOMS 
▪ ˌwring sb's 'hand 
   to squeeze sb's hand very tightly when you shake hands  (握手时)攥紧…的手
▪ ˌwring your 'hands 
   to hold your hands together, and twist and squeeze them in a way that shows you are anxious or upset, especially when you cannot change the situation  (尤指出于焦急或烦恼)扭绞双手
▪ ˌwring sb's 'neck    (informal) when you say that you will wring sb's neck, you mean that you are very angry or annoyed with them  (表示愤怒或气恼)拧断…的脖子,非掐死…不可
 PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ 'wring sth from / out of sb 
   to obtain sth from sb with difficulty, especially by putting pressure on them  从…处费力弄到；从…压榨出
   SYN  extract 


————————————
★☆☆   wringer
wring·er / ˈriŋə(r) / noun = mangle  n. 
 ɪDɪOMS 
▪ go through the 'wringer    (informal) to have a difficult or unpleasant experience, or a series of them  受尽磨难；历尽艰难


————————————
★☆☆   wringing wet
ˌwringing 'wet adjective   (especially of clothes 尤指衣服) very wet  很湿的；湿得能拧出水的


————————————
★☆☆   wrinkle
wrin·kle / ˈriŋkl / noun1. a line or small fold in your skin, especially on your face, that forms as you get older  (尤指脸上的)皱纹:
   There were fine wrinkles around her eyes.   她眼角上出现了鱼尾纹。 
2. [usually pl.] a small fold that you do not want in a piece of cloth or paper  (布或纸上的)皱褶,皱痕
   SYN  crease verb1. ~ (sth) (up) to make the skin on your face form into lines or folds; to form lines or folds in this way  (使脸上)起皱纹；皱起:
  ▪ [VN] 
   She wrinkled up her nose in distaste.   她厌恶地皱起鼻子。 
   He wrinkled his brow in concentration.   他全神贯注地锁紧眉头。 
  ▪ [V] 
   His face wrinkled in a grin.   他咧嘴一笑满脸都是皱纹。 
2. to form raised folds or lines in an untidy way; to make sth do this  (使)起皱褶:
  ▪ [V] 
   Her stockings were wrinkling at the knees.   她长袜的膝盖处起了皱褶。 
  ▪ [also VN] 


————————————
★☆☆   wrinkled
wrin·kled / ˈriŋkld / adjective   (of skin, clothing, etc. 皮肤、衣服等) having wrinkles   有皱纹的


————————————
★☆☆   wrinkling
wrink·ling / ˈriŋkliŋ / noun əu]
   the process by which wrinkles form in the skin  (皮肤)起皱纹


————————————
★☆☆   wrinkly
wrin·kly / ˈriŋkli / adjective   (informal) (of skin, clothing, etc. 皮肤、衣服等) having wrinkles   皱的；有皱纹的noun (pl. -ies)
   (BrE, informal) an offensive word for an old person, used by younger people  (对老年人的冒犯称呼)老皱皮


————————————
★☆☆   wrist
wrist / rist / noun   the joint between the hand and the arm  手腕；腕关节:
   She's broken her wrist.   她的腕关节骨折了。 
   He wore a copper bracelet on his wrist.  他腕上戴着只铜手镯。 
 IDIOMS 
⇨ see slap n. 


————————————
★☆☆   wristband
wrist·band / ˈristbænd / noun   a strip of material worn around the wrist, as a decoration or to absorb sweat during exercise  腕套；腕箍


————————————
★☆☆   wristwatch
wrist·watch / ˈristwɔtʃ; ŋæmə -wɑ:tʃ; -wɔ:tʃ / noun   a watch that you wear on your wrist  手表


————————————
★☆☆   writ
writ / rit / noun   ~ (for sth) (against sb) a legal document from a court telling sb to do or not to do sth  (法庭的)令状,书面命令:
   The company has been served with a writ for breach of contract.  这家公司因违约已接到法院令状。 
   We fully intend to issue a writ against the newspaper.  我们一心想传讯这家报纸。 
⇨ see also Holy Writ verb(old use) pp of write 
 IDIOMS 
▪ ˌwrit 'large 
(literary) 
1. easy to see or understand  显而易见的；公然:
   Mistrust was writ large on her face.   她脸上明显流露出不信任的神情。 
2. (used after a noun 用于名词后) being a large or obvious example of the thing mentioned  明摆着；公然:
   This is deception writ large.   这是明目张胆的欺骗。 


————————————
★☆☆   write
write / rait / verb (wrote / rəut / writ·ten / ˈritn / )
ɚəððəɔS / ŋuMɑəɔS 字母；数字 
1. ~ (in / on / with sth) to make letters or numbers on a surface, especially using a pen or a pencil  书写；写字:
  ▪ [V] 
   In some countries children don't start learning to read and write until they are six.  有些国家的儿童到了六岁才开始读书写字。 
   Please write in pen on both sides of the paper.   请用自来水笔在纸的正反两面书写。 
   I haven't got anything to write with.   我没有笔可以写字。 
  ▪ [VN] 
   Write your name at the top of the paper.   请把名字写在纸的顶端。 
   The teacher wrote the answers on the board.   老师把答案写了在黑板上。 
   The 'b' had been wrongly written as a 'd'.   b 错写成 d 了。 
BOOK / MUSIC / PROGRAM 书籍；音乐；程序 
2. ~ (sth) (about / on sth) to produce sth in written form so that people can read, perform or use it, etc.  写作；作曲；编写:
  ▪ [VN] 
   to write a novel / a song / an essay / a computer program, etc.   写小说、写歌、写散文、编电脑程序等 
   He hopes to write a book about his experiences six day.   他希望有一天写一部关于自己经历的书。 
   She had to write a report on the project.   她必须就这个项目写一份报告。 
   Who was 'London Fields' written by?   《伦敦郊野》是谁写的？ 
   Which opera did Verdi write first?   威尔地最早写的是哪一部歌剧？ 
  ▪ [V] 
   I wanted to travel and then write about it.   我本想去旅行,然后把见闻写下来。 
   He writes for the 'New Yorker' (= works as a writer).  他为《纽约客》杂志撰稿。 
   No decision has been made at the time of writing.  写这个的时候尚未作出决定。 
  ▪ [VNN] 
   She wrote him several poems.   她为他写了几首诗。 
A LETTER 信 
3. ~ (sth) (to sb) to put information, a message of good wishes, etc. in a letter and send it to sb  写信:
  ▪ [V] 
   Bye! Don't forget to write.   再见！别忘了写信。 
   She wrote to him in France.   她给他往法国写信。 
   Can you write and confirm your booking?   你能写信来确认你的预订项目吗？ 
   I'm writing to enquire about language courses.   特此致函询问有关语言课程事宜。 
  ▪ [VN , VNN] 
   I wrote a letter to the Publicity Department.   我给宣传部写了一封信。 
   I wrote the Publicity Department a letter.   我给宣传部写了一封信。 
  ▪ [V that] 
   She wrote that they were all fine.   她信上说他们一切安好。 
  ▪ [VN] 
   (NAmE) Write me while you're away.   你外出期间给我写信。 
  ▪ [VN that] 
   (NAmE) He wrote me that he would be arriving Monday.   他给我写信说他将于星期一到达。 
  ▪ [V -ing] 
   They wrote thanking us for the present.   他们写信来感谢我们赠送的礼物。 
STATE IN WRITING 书面陈述 
4. to state the information or the words mentioned  写道；(以文字)说:
  ▪ [V that] 
   In his latest book he writes that the theory has since been disproved.   他在最近的一部书里写道,那个理论后来已被证明不能成立。 
  ▪ [V] 
   Ancient historians wrote of a lost continent beneath the ocean.   古代史学家写过有关一个沉没海底大陆的事迹。 
  ▪ [also V speech] 
CHEQUE / FORM 支票；表格 
5. ~ sth (out) to put information in the appropriate places on a cheque or other form  开(支票等)；填写(表格等):
  ▪ [VN] 
   to write out a cheque   开一张支票 
  ▪ [VNN] 
   I'll write you a receipt.   我来给你开一张收据。 
COMPUTING 计算机技术 
6. ~ (sth) to / onto sth to record data in the memory of a computer  将(数据)写入(存贮器):
  ▪ [VN] 
   An error was reported when he tried to write data to the file for the first time.   当他第一次尝试把数据写入文档时,报告说有错。 
  ▪ [also V] 
OF PEN / PENCIL 笔 
7. [V] to work correctly or in the way mentioned  好使；能使用；以…方式写:
   This pen won't write.   这支钢笔不好使。 
 IDIOMS 
▪ be written all over sb's 'face 
(of a feeling 感情) 
   to be very obvious to other people from the expression on sb's face  形之于色；表现得十分明显:
   Guilt was written all over his face.   他满脸愧疚。 
▪ have sth / sb written all 'over it / sb    (informal) to show clearly the quality mentioned or the influence of the person mentioned  明显有(某性质)；显然受到(某人影响):
   It was a performance with star quality written all over it.   这次演出显然明星气派十足。 
   This essay has got Mike written all over it.   这篇散文俨然是迈克的手笔。 
▪ nothing (much) to write 'home about    (informal) not especially good; ordinary  不特别好；很普通；一般
▪ that's all she 'wrote 
   (NAmE, informal) used when you are stating that there is nothing more that can be said about sth or that sth is completely finished  (表示没有其他要说或某事已彻底结束)就这么多,到此结束
⇨ more at worth adj. 
 PHRASAL VERBS 
▪ ˌwrite a'way = write off / away 
▪ ˌwrite 'back (to sb) 
   to write sb a letter replying to their letter  (给某人)写回信,覆信
   SYN  reply :
   I'm afraid I never wrote back.   我恐怕从未写过回信。 
   She wrote back saying that she couldn't come.   她回信说她来不了。 
▪ ˌwrite sth ↔ 'down 
1. to write sth on paper, especially in order to remember or record it  写下；记录下:
   Write down the address before you forget it.   把地址记下来,免得忘了。 
2. (business 商) to reduce the value of assets when stating it in a company's accounts  减记,划减(资产的账面价值)
⇨ related noun write-down 
▪ ˌwrite 'in (to sb / sth) (for sth) 
   to write a letter to an organization or a company, for example to ask about sth or to express an opinion  致函(某机构)(表达意见等):
   I'll write in for more information.   我要写信索取更详细的材料。 
▪ ˌwrite sb / sth ↔ 'in (ŋæmə) (politics 政) 
   to add an extra name to your voting paper in an election in order to be able to vote for them  (在选票上)写上非候选人姓名
⇨ related noun write-in 
▪ ˌwrite sth 'into sth 
   to include a rule or condition in a contract or an agreement when it is made  把…写入(合同或协议)
▪ ˌwrite 'off / a'way (to sb / sth) (for sth) 
   to write to an organization or a company, usually in order to ask them to send you sth  致函(某机构)(索取资料等)
   SYN  send off :
   I've written off for the catalogue.   我已去函索取商品目录。 
▪ ˌwrite sth ↔ 'off 
1. (business 商) to cancel a debt; to recognize that sth is a failure, has no value, etc.  注销,销记(账项、资产等):
   to write off a debt / an investment   注销一笔债务/一项投资 
2. (BrE) to damage sth, especially a vehicle, so badly that it cannot be repaired  把(车辆等)毁坏,报废
⇨ related noun write-off 
⇨ see also total  v. (3) 
▪ ˌwrite sb / sth ↔ 'off (as sth) 
   to decide that sb / sth is a failure or not worth paying any attention to  认定…失败(或没有价值、不可救药等)
   SYN  dismiss 
▪ ˌwrite sth ↔ 'out 
   to write sth on paper, including all the details, especially a piece of work or an account of sth  把…全部写出
⇨ see also write (5)
▪ ˌwrite sb ↔ 'out (of sth) 
   to remove a character from a regular series on television or radio  去掉(系列电视剧或广播剧中的角色)
▪ ˌwrite sth ↔ 'up 
   to record sth in writing in a full and complete form, often using notes that you made earlier  (利用笔记等)详细写出:
   to write up your notes / the minutes of a meeting   把笔记/会议记录细节整理成文 
⇨ related noun write-up 


————————————
★☆☆   write-back
'write-back noun [C, U]
   (business 商) a situation where an asset gets a value which it was thought to have lost; an amount of money entered in the financial records because of this  (对呆账的)拨回；拨回资产的账面值


————————————
★☆☆   write-down
'write-down noun   (business 商) a reduction in the value of assets , etc.  (资产等账面价值的)减记,划减


————————————
★☆☆   write-in
'write-in noun   (US) a vote for sb who is not an official candidate in an election, in which you write their name on your ballot paper   投给非候选人的票


————————————
★☆☆   write-off
'write-off noun1. (BrE) a vehicle that has been so badly damaged in an accident that it is not worth spending money to repair it  报废车辆
2. [sing.] (informal) a period of time during which you do not achieve anything  无所作为的一段时间:
   With meetings and phone calls, yesterday was a complete write-off.   昨天都在开会和打电话,瞎忙了一天。 
3. ~ (of sth) (business 商) an act of cancelling a debt and accepting that it will never be paid  (债项的)注销,销记


————————————
★☆☆   write-protect
ˌwrite-pro'tect verb [VN]
   (computing 计) to protect the information on a computer disk from being changed or deleted (= destroyed)  给(磁盘信息)写保护； 设法防写保护


