——————————————
★☆☆   they'd

1.  (尤当had为助动词时，they had的一种口语形式) They'd is a spoken form of 'they had', especially when 'had' is an auxiliary verb. 

They'd both lived in this road all their lives.他们俩在这条路上生活了一辈子。

2.  (they would 的一种口语形式) They'd is a spoken form of 'they would'. 

He agreed that they'd visit her after they stopped at Jan's for coffee.他答应他们在简的家里喝完咖啡后就去看她。


——————————————
★☆☆   they'll

1.  (they will 的常用口语形式) They'll is the usual spoken form of 'they will'. 

They'll probably be here Monday and Tuesday.他们星期一和星期二可能会在这儿。


——————————————
★☆☆   they're

1.  (they are 的常用口语形式) They're is the usual spoken form of 'they are'. 

People eat when they're depressed.人在心情沮丧时就吃东西。


——————————————
★☆☆   they've

1.  (尤当have为助动词时，they have的常用口语形式) They've is the usual spoken form of 'they have', especially when 'have' is an auxiliary verb. 

The worst thing is when you call friends and they've gone out.最糟糕的事情是，你给朋友打电话，而他们却出去了。


——————————————
★☆☆   thick ●●●○○

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  厚的;粗的 Something that is thick has a large distance between its two opposite sides. 

For breakfast I had a thick slice of bread and syrup...早餐我吃了一片厚厚的涂了糖浆的面包。
He wore glasses with thick rims...他戴了一副厚框眼镜。
This material is very thick and this needle is not strong enough to go through it.这种料子很厚，这根针都扎不透。thickly

An old man sat in a great carved armchair of black wood, thickly padded with soft cushions...一个老人坐在一把精雕的黑檀木扶手椅上，椅子上铺了厚厚的软垫。
Slice the meat thickly.把肉切成厚片。

2.ADJ	形容词  宽的;深的 You can use thick to talk or ask about how wide or deep something is. 
  【搭配模式】：n ADJ
  【搭配模式】：ADJ n

The folder was two inches thick...那个文件夹有两英寸厚。
How thick are these walls?这些墙有多厚？
...a finger as thick as a sausage.和香肠一样粗的手指Thick is also a combining form.  (亦可用于构词)

His life was saved by a quarter-inch-thick bullet-proof steel screen.多亏一块 1/4 英寸厚的防弹钢板，他才捡了条命。thickness

The size of the fish will determine the thickness of the steaks...鱼的大小决定鱼排的厚度。
The egg had a shell thickness of 0.14mm and the newly-hatched chick weighed nine grams.那只蛋的壳厚 0.14 毫米，新孵出的雏鸟重 9 克。
...a layer of gases about 200 miles in thickness.厚约 200 英里的大气层

3.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  浓的;密的;密集的;茂密的 If something that consists of several things is thick, it has a large number of them very close together. 

She inherited our father's thick, wavy hair...她继承了我们父亲那头浓密的卷发。
They walked through thick forest.他们徒步穿越了茂密的森林。thickly

I rounded a bend where the trees and brush grew thickly...我绕过一个林木茂盛的弯。
The interior flatlands and valleys are thickly planted with coconuts.内陆的平地和山谷中种着茂密的椰子树。

4.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  充满的;密布的 If something is thick with another thing, the first thing is full of or covered with the second. 
  【搭配模式】：v-link ADJ with n

The air is thick with acrid smoke from the fires...空气中弥漫着火灾产生的刺鼻浓烟。
She ate scones thick with butter.她吃了一些涂满了黄油的烤饼。

5.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (衣服)厚的，厚重的，暖和的 Thick clothes are made from heavy cloth, so that they will keep you warm in cold weather. 

In the winter she wears thick socks, Wellington boots and gloves...冬天，她穿着厚袜子和橡胶雨靴，戴着手套。
She wore a thick tartan skirt and a red cashmere sweater.她穿了一条厚厚的格子呢裙和一件红色羊绒衫。

6.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (烟、雾、云)浓的，混浊的，能见度低的 Thick smoke, fog, or cloud is difficult to see through. 

The smoke was bluish-black and thick...那烟黑中带蓝，而且很浓。
It wasn't very thick fog.雾不算很浓。

7.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (液体)浓的，稠的 Thick liquids are fairly stiff and solid and do not flow easily. 

They had to battle through thick mud to reach construction workers...他们只好挣扎着穿过厚厚的泥巴去找建筑工人。
The sauce is thick and rich so don't bother trying to diet.这个酱汁又浓又香，别费劲节食了。

8.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (声音)不清楚的，沙哑的，低沉的 If someone's voice is thick, they are not speaking clearly, for example because they are ill, upset, or drunk. 
  【搭配模式】：usu v-link ADJ

When he spoke his voice was thick with bitterness.他说话时，声音低沉，充满痛苦。thickly

'It's all my fault,' he mumbled thickly.“全都怪我，”他咕哝道。

9.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (口音)重的，浓的 A thick accent is very obvious and easy to identify. 
  【搭配模式】：usu ADJ n

He answered our questions in English but with a thick accent...他用英语回答了我们的问题，不过口音很重。
'What do you want?' a teenage girl demanded in a thick German accent.“你想要什么？”一个十几岁少女操着一口浓重的德国口音问道。

10.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  笨的;蠢的 If you describe someone as thick, you think they are stupid. 
  【搭配模式】：usu v-link ADJ
  【语用信息】：disapproval
  【语域标签】：BRIT 英
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

How could she have been so thick?她怎么能蠢到那个地步？

11.PHRASE	短语  大量而迅速地;接二连三地 If things happen thick and fast, they happen very quickly and in large numbers. 
  【搭配模式】：PHR after v

The rumours have been coming thick and fast...谣言接二连三地传来。
Distress calls were pouring in thick and fast from all over the area.求救电话从该地区各地蜂拥而至。

12.PHRASE	短语  积极从事;深度参与 If you are in the thick of an activity or situation, you are very involved in it. 
  【搭配模式】：PHR n

I enjoy being in the thick of things...我喜欢全身心投入到事情当中。
Peterson suddenly found himself in the thick of desperate fighting.彼得森突然发现自己身陷一场殊死搏斗中。

13.PHRASE	短语  不顾艰难险阻;历尽千辛万苦 If you do something through thick and thin, you do it although the conditions or circumstances are very bad. 
  【搭配模式】：PHR after v

She'd stuck by Bob through thick and thin...她对鲍勃不离不弃，甘苦与共。
I will go on loving James through thick and thin no matter what happens.不管发生什么，不管经历多少艰辛，我都会一直爱着詹姆斯。

14.   to lay it on thick→see: lay; a thick skin→see: skin; 


——————————————
★☆☆   thicken ●○○○○

1.V-ERG	及物/不及物动词  (使)(液体)变浓稠 When you thicken a liquid or when it thickens, it becomes stiffer and more solid. 
  【语法信息】：V n
  【语法信息】：V

Thicken the broth with the cornflour...加玉米面使汤变稠。
Keep stirring until the sauce thickens.不停地搅，一直搅到调味汁变稠。

2.VERB	动词  变密集;变浓密 If something thickens, it becomes more closely grouped together or more solid than it was before. 
  【语法信息】：V

The crowds around him began to thicken...他四周的人群密集起来。
As the ice sheet grows and thickens it chills the nearby air.随着冰盖越来越大，越来越厚，周围的空气也冷了起来。

3.PHRASE	短语  情况愈发复杂起来 People sometimes say 'the plot thickens' when a situation or series of events is getting more and more complicated and mysterious. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects

'Find anything?' he asked. 'Yeah. The plot thickens,' I said.“有什么发现没有？”他问。“嗯，情况越来越复杂了，”我说。


——————————————
★☆☆   thickener

1.N-MASS	物质名词  增稠剂;稠化剂 A thickener is a substance that is added to a liquid in order to make it stiffer and more solid. 

...cornstarch, used as a thickener...用来增稠的玉米面
How much thickener is used?用多少增稠剂？


——————————————
★☆☆   thicket ●○○○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  小树丛;灌木丛 A thicket is a small group of trees or bushes which are growing closely together. 

...a bamboo thicket.竹丛

2.N-COUNT	可数名词  乱糟糟的一团(思想、事件) If you refer to a thicket of ideas or events, you mean that there a lot of them together, and often that they are confusing or difficult to identify. 
  【搭配模式】：with supp

The novel is a thicket of literary references...这本小说纯粹是由一堆文学参考书胡乱拼凑而成。
To try to open a foreign-owned business is to enter a thicket of regulations from which few emerge.要开一家外资企业就要钻条条框框，没几个出来的。


——————————————
★☆☆   thick-set
——————————————
★☆☆   thickset

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  粗壮的;壮实的 A man who is thickset is broad and heavy, with a solid-looking body. 

He was of middle height, thick-set.他中等个头，身体壮实。
...his stout, thickset figure.他那结实、粗壮的体格


——————————————
★☆☆   thick-skinned

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  厚脸皮的;不知羞耻的 If you say that someone is thick-skinned, you mean that they are not easily upset by criticism or unpleasantness. 
  【搭配模式】：usu v-link ADJ

He was thick-skinned enough to cope with her taunts.他脸皮厚，不怕她嘲弄。


——————————————
★☆☆   thief ●●○○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  小偷;窃贼 A thief is a person who steals something from another person. 

The thieves snatched the camera.窃贼偷走了相机。
...car thieves.偷车贼Usage Note :
Anyone who steals can be called a thief. A robber often uses violence or the threat of violence to steal things from places such as banks or shops. A burglar breaks into houses or other buildings and steals things.凡是偷东西的人都可以称作 thief。robber 常常使用暴力或威胁使用暴力从银行、商店等处抢劫。burglar 指闯入住户或其他建筑偷窃的盗贼。


——————————————
★☆☆   thieving

1.N-UNCOUNT	不可数名词  偷窃;偷盗 Thieving is the act of stealing things from people. 
  【STYLE标签】：OLD-FASHIONED 过时

...an ex-con who says he's given up thieving.自称已洗手不干的有盗窃前科的人

2.ADJ	形容词  偷窃的;意欲偷盗的 Thieving means involved in stealing things or intending to steal something. 
  【搭配模式】：ADJ n

He vowed to wreak vengeance on his unfaithful, thieving wife.他发誓要报复对自己不忠、爱偷东西的妻子。
...a string of convictions from a thieving career.以偷盗为生背上的一连串罪名


——————————————
★☆☆   thigh ●●○○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  大腿;股 Your thighs are the top parts of your legs, between your knees and your hips. 


——————————————
★☆☆   thimble

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  顶针;针箍 A thimble is a small metal or plastic object which you use to protect your finger when you are sewing. 


——————————————
★☆☆   thin ●●●○○

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  窄的;细的 Something that is thin is much narrower than it is long. 

A thin cable carries the signal to a computer...一根细电缆将信号传送给一台计算机。
James's face was thin, finely boned, and sensitive.詹姆斯面部瘦削，轮廓分明，容易过敏。

2.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (人、动物)瘦的 A person or animal that is thin has no extra fat on their body . 

He was a tall, thin man with grey hair...他是个瘦高个，头发灰白。
He is small and very thin and has pale-white skin.他个头瘦小，肤色苍白。thinness

There was something familiar about him, his fawn raincoat, his thinness, the way he moved.他有点眼熟——浅黄褐色雨衣，瘦削的身影，走路的姿态。

3.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (纸、布等)薄的 Something such as paper or cloth that is thin is flat and has only a very small distance between its two opposite surfaces. 

...a small, blue-bound book printed in fine type on thin paper...一本用纸轻薄、字体精细的蓝皮小书
A thin layer of topsoil was swept away.薄薄的一层表土被冲走了。thinly

Peel and thinly slice the onion...剥掉洋葱皮，然后切成薄片。
Roll the pasta out as thinly as possible.把面团擀开，擀得越薄越好。

4.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (液体)稀的，淡的 Liquids that are thin are weak and watery. 

The soup was thin and clear, yet mysteriously rich...汤又稀又清，味道却出奇地浓。
They are stirring huge pots of rice and thin vegetable soup over a fire made of charcoal.他们搅动着架在木炭火堆上的大罐米饭和蔬菜清汤。

5.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (人群、观众)稀少的，稀疏的 A crowd or audience that is thin does not have many people in it. 

The crowd, which had been thin for the first half of the race, had now grown considerably.比赛前半段观众还稀稀拉拉的，这时明显增多了。thinly

The island is thinly populated.这个岛上人烟稀少。
...thinly attended meetings.与会者寥寥无几的会议

6.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (微笑)冷淡的，牵强的，不幽默的 A thin smile is one that is not friendly or humorous. 
  【搭配模式】：usu ADJ n

All she could manage was a thin, wan smile.她极力挤出了一丝勉强的苦笑。thinly

Wilson smiled thinly. 'We have decided to name the new Home after Councillor Minford.'威尔逊淡淡一笑，“我们已经决定以市政议员明福德的名字给这个新疗养院命名。”

7.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (衣物)薄的，单薄的 Thin clothes are made from light cloth and are not warm to wear. 

Her gown was thin, and she shivered, partly from cold.她的礼服很薄，浑身在发抖，一半是冻的。thinly

Mrs Brown wrapped the thinly clad man in her fur coat.布朗夫人用自己的皮大衣把那个衣衫单薄的男子裹住。

8.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (论点、解释)浅薄的，不足信的，说服力差的 If you describe an argument or explanation as thin, you mean that it is weak and difficult to believe. 

However, the evidence is thin and, to some extent, ambiguous...然而，这个证据难以令人信服，而且有点模棱两可。
Even if the optimists' theory is true, it still seems a thin argument against reform.就算乐观主义者的理论是对的，还是不足以阻止改革的进行。thinly

Much of the speech was a thinly disguised attack on the management of the company.讲话内容大多是对公司管理层几乎不加掩饰的抨击。
...a series of what correspondents describe as thinly veiled threats to use force.一系列被记者们描述为几乎公开表明要诉诸武力的威胁

9.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (声音)尖声尖气的，尖细的 A voice or sound that is thin is high-pitched and not very loud. 

Her thin voice rose high in complaint.她抱怨时抬高了尖细的嗓音。

10.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (头发)稀疏的 If someone's hair is described as thin, they do not have a lot of hair. 

She had pale thin yellow hair she pulled back into a bun.她把一头稀疏的浅黄色头发向后梳，挽成了个圆髻。

11.V-ERG	及物/不及物动词  (使)变稀疏 When you thin something or when it thins, it becomes less crowded because people or things have been removed from it. 
  【语法信息】：V n
  【语法信息】：V
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)
  【语法信息】：V P
  【语法信息】：Also V n P

It would have been better to have thinned the trees over several winters rather than all at one time...当初要是分几个冬天疏剪树木，会比一下子疏剪完效果好。
By midnight the crowd had thinned.半夜时分，人群渐渐散去了。Thin out means the same as thin .  thin out 同 thin

NATO will continue to thin out its forces...北约将继续缩减兵力。When the crowd began to thin out, I realized that most of the food was still there...人群渐渐散去的时候，我意识到大多数食物基本没人动过。Further up the river, the vineyards start to thin out and the orange groves and almond trees take over.继续溯流而上，葡萄园开始淡去，柑橘园和杏树多了起来。

12.VERB	动词  使（调味汁或液体）变稀薄;使变淡 To thin a sauce or liquid means to make it weaker and more watery by adding another liquid to it. 
  【语法信息】：V n
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)

It may be necessary to thin the sauce slightly...可能有必要将酱汁稍稍稀释一下。
Aspirin thins the blood, letting it flow more easily through narrowed blood vessels.阿司匹林可以稀释血液，使其在变窄的血管里更顺畅地流动。Thin down means the same as thin .  thin down 同 thin

Thin down your mayonnaise with soured cream or natural yoghurt.用酸奶油或原味酸奶稀释蛋黄酱。...an oil-based paint that was thinned down with white spirit.用石油溶剂油稀释了的油性油漆

13.VERB	动词  (男子的头发)变稀疏，脱落 If a man's hair is thinning, it has begun to fall out. thin on top→see: top; 
  【语法信息】：V

His hair is thinning and his skin has lost all hint of youth.他的头发开始脱落，皮肤也老化了。

14.PHRASE	短语  (耐心等)消磨掉，耗尽 If someone's patience, for example, is wearing thin, they are beginning to become impatient or angry with someone. 

Parliament has not yet begun to combat the deepening economic crisis, and public patience is wearing thin.议会还没有着手应对日益严重的经济危机，公众日渐失去了耐心。

15.   on thin ice→see: ice; thin air→see: air; 相关词组：thin down thin out 


——————————————
★☆☆   thin down

1.   →see: thin 12; →see: thin 10; 


——————————————
★☆☆   thine

1.PRON-POSS	所有格代词  你的(yours 在古时、诗歌或宗教中的用语) Thine is an old-fashioned, poetic, or religious word for 'yours' when you are talking to only one person. 

I am Thine, O Lord, I have heard Thy voice.主啊，我属于您，我已经听见您的声音。


——————————————
★☆☆   thing ●●●●●

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  (不能、不必、不愿指明的)东西，事物，特征，事情 You can use thing to refer to any object, feature, or event when you cannot, need not, or do not want to refer to it more precisely. 
  【搭配模式】：usu with supp

'What's that thing in the middle of the fountain?' — 'Some kind of statue, I guess.'...“喷泉中间的那个是什么东西？”——“估计是塑像什么的吧。”
She was in the middle of clearing the breakfast things...她正在忙着收拾早饭后的那一摊子。
If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?...如果你能够改变自己的某个方面，那会是哪个方面呢？A strange thing happened...发生了一件怪事儿。We get blamed for all kinds of things.什么事儿都怪在我们头上。

2.N-COUNT	可数名词  等等;…之类 Thing is used in lists and descriptions to give examples or to increase the range of what you are referring to. 
  【搭配模式】：usu pl

These are genetic disorders that only affect males normally. They are things like muscular dystrophy and haemophilia...这些遗传病通常只发生在男性身上，如肌肉萎缩、血友病等。
The Earth is made mainly of iron and silicon and things like that...地球主要由铁、硅等物质构成。
Big things, such as hospitals and social security, are paid for by the Government...医疗和社会保障之类的大型项目是由政府支付。You can spot them fairly easily because of their short haircuts and things.你可以根据他们的短发之类的特征轻易找出他们。

3.N-COUNT	可数名词  (用于形容词后，与其一起表示该形容词的意思) Thing is often used after an adjective, where it would also be possible just to use the adjective. For example, you can say it's a different thing instead of it's different . 
  【搭配模式】：adj N

Of course, literacy isn't the same thing as intelligence...当然，识字和智力是两码事。
To be a parent is a terribly difficult thing...为人父母真难啊。
Perhaps it's a good thing that Dizzy retired.迪齐退休或许是件好事。

4.N-SING	单数名词  (用于强调)任何事情，每件事 Thing is often used instead of the pronouns 'anything,' or 'everything' in order to emphasize what you are saying. 
  【搭配模式】：oft with brd-neg
  【语用信息】：emphasis

It isn't going to solve a single thing...这什么问题也解决不了。
Don't you worry about a thing...你什么也不必担心。
'It's all here,' she said. 'Every damn thing.'“都在这儿了，”她说，“所有的破玩意儿。”

5.N-COUNT	可数名词  (尤用于否定句中，强调恶劣或困难)这种事，这种东西 Thing is used in expressions such as such a thing or things like that, especially in negative statements, in order to emphasize the bad or difficult situation you are referring back to. 
  【搭配模式】：usu with brd-neg
  【语用信息】：emphasis

I don't believe he would tell Leo such a thing...我不信他会告诉利奥这种事。
'Are you accusing me of being a thief?' — 'I have done no such thing, Tony.'...“你在指责我是小偷吗？”——“我没有做过这种事，托尼。”
How do you actually go about discovering a thing like that?...你到底是怎么发现这种东西的？I'm trying to cope. These things happen. You have to cope.我在想法处理。这种事难免发生，只能想办法处理。

6.N-COUNT	可数名词  (尤指不太重要的)情况,形势,活动,想法 You can use thing to refer in a vague way to a situation, activity, or idea, especially when you want to suggest that it is not very important. 
  【搭配模式】：supp N
  【语用信息】：vagueness
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

I'm a bit unsettled tonight. This war thing's upsetting me...我今晚有点心神不定，这场争斗让我不安。
These folks clearly take this ballroom thing very seriously.这些家伙显然很拿舞厅这事当回事。
...the man who had spoken dismissively of the 'vision thing' when running for the presidency in 1988.1988 年竞选总统时不以为然地谈到“那种虚幻的东西”的那个人

7.N-COUNT	可数名词  …之类的东西;类似于…的东西 You can use thing when you are referring to something that you are uncertain or vague about, after mentioning something that it resembles or could possibly be. 
  【搭配模式】：n N
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

She'd actually taken it home and she put it in this jar thing...她确实把它拿回了家，放在了一个罐子模样的东西里。
The captain of the submarine has got this periscope thing.那个潜艇艇长有个类似于潜望镜之类的东西。

8.N-COUNT	可数名词  (用来表示将要提及重要事情或特别想要对方知道的情况) You often use thing to indicate to the person you are addressing that you are about to mention something important, or something that you particularly want them to know. 
  【搭配模式】：with supp

One thing I am sure of was that she was scared...有一点我能肯定，那就是她当时被吓到了。
The first thing parents want to know is: will the baby survive?...父母亲最想知道的是：孩子能活下来吗？
The funny thing is that the rest of us have known that for years...滑稽的是，那个情况我们其余的人很多年以前就知道了。The most important thing to remember about fish is to buy it really fresh.买鱼最要紧的是要买活蹦乱跳的。

9.N-COUNT	可数名词  (常用于指代刚提及的事，表示强调或提供更多信息) Thing is often used to refer back to something that has just been mentioned, either to emphasize it or to give more information about it. 

Getting drunk is a thing all young men do...喝醉酒这种情况小伙子都会有。
I never wanted to be normal. It was not a thing I ever thought desirable...我从来也没有想要正常过。那不是我想做的事。
The Captain stretched his left leg on one of the empty chairs. He knew it was not a polite thing to do.上尉把左腿架在了一把空椅子上。他知道这样做并不礼貌。

10.N-COUNT	可数名词  (无生命的)物体，东西 A thing is a physical object that is considered as having no life of its own. 

It's not a thing, Beauchamp. It's a human being!比彻姆，那不是一件东西，是一个人！

11.N-COUNT	可数名词  东西，玩意儿(表示蔑视或愤怒) Thing is used to refer to something, especially a physical object, when you want to express contempt or anger towards it. 
  【语用信息】：disapproval
  【STYLE标签】：SPOKEN 口语

This thing's virtually useless...这玩意儿简直一点用也没有。
They're armed with sub-machine-guns or machine-pistols or whatever you call those things...他们持有轻机枪或者冲锋枪，还是什么玩意儿的。
Turn that thing off!把那东西关掉！

12.N-COUNT	可数名词  家伙，东西（用以提及人或动物的某一特点，通常表示喜爱之情) You can call a person or an animal a particular thing when you want to mention a particular quality that they have and express your feelings towards them, usually affectionate feelings. 
  【搭配模式】：adj N
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

You really are quite a clever little thing...你真是个聪明的小家伙。
Oh you lucky thing!你这个走运的家伙！

13.N-PLURAL	复数名词  衣物;财物;财产 Your things are your clothes or possessions. 
  【搭配模式】：poss N

Sara told him to take all his things and not to return...萨拉叫他带着他的全部家当离开，再也别回来。
Is there anything you'd  like to borrow, before your own things are unpacked?你在打开行李之前还要借什么东西吗？

14.N-PLURAL	复数名词  (泛指)情况 Things can refer to the situation or life in general and the way it is changing or affecting you. 

Everyone agrees things are getting better...大家都认为，情况正在好转。
A change of ownership might improve things...改变所有权也许能使情况改善。
How are things going?日子过得怎么样？

15.N-PLURAL	复数名词  物质生活;精神生活 Things can refer to a particular aspect of life, such as the physical or spiritual aspect. 
  【搭配模式】：with supp

...a movement away from the things of this world to the things of the spirit...出世超凡
I think I'm more aware now of some spiritual things and I do believe in good and evil.我觉得我现在更加注重精神生活，而且我真的相信善恶报应。

16.N-COUNT	可数名词  (难以言表的)可怕的事情，怪事，恐怖的事情 You can refer to something that is too frightening, strange, or horrible to describe clearly as a thing . 

...John W. Campbell, author of 'The Thing From Another World.'约翰·W.坎贝尔，《外星来客》的作者

17.N-SING	单数名词  流行的东西;时尚 If you say that something is the thing, you mean that it is fashionable or popular. 
  【搭配模式】：the N

I feel under pressure to go out and get drunk because it's the thing to do...我感觉不得不出去喝他个一醉方休，因为流行这样。
They were obviously of the opinion that his taste was not quite the thing.他们显然认为他的品味已不太流行。

18.PHRASE	短语  在各种情况下;总是 In all things means in every situation and at all times. 
  【搭配模式】：n/adj PHR
  【STYLE标签】：LITERARY 文

Sara wished Franklin to follow family tradition, in this as in all things.萨拉希望富兰克林在这件事上和所有其他事情一样，能遵循家庭传统。
...the old rule of health, which prescribes moderation in all things.提倡凡事适可而止的传统养生之道

19.PHRASE	短语  八面玲珑;四面讨好 If you say that someone or something is trying to be all things to all men or to all people, you are criticizing them because they are trying to behave in a way that will please everyone, and this is impossible. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects
  【语用信息】：disapproval

I realised I had a big problem. I wanted to be all things to all people...我意识到我有个大毛病，我总想不得罪任何人。
The film tries to be all things to all men — comedy, romance, fantasy, and satire.这部电影试图面面俱到——既是喜剧、爱情剧、梦幻剧，还想是讽刺剧。

20.PHRASE	短语  做(正确或得体的)事 If, for example, you do the right thing or do the decent thing in a situation, you do something which is considered correct or socially acceptable in that situation. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects

People want to do the right thing and buy 'green'...人们想要做正确的事，于是购买“绿色”产品。
Carrington did the honourable thing and resigned...卡林顿作出了令人敬佩的举动，辞了职。
I think I did the wrong thing.我想我做错了。

21.PHRASE	短语  符合社会习俗的事 If you say that something is the done thing, you mean it is the most socially acceptable way to behave. 
  【搭配模式】：oft with brd-neg
  【语域标签】：BRIT 英

It was not the done thing. In those days the man was supposed to be the provider.那不符合社会习俗。在那个年代，养家的应该是男人。

22.PHRASE	短语  第一件事/最后一件事;一大早/临睡前 If you do something first thing, you do it at the beginning of the day, before you do anything else. If you do it last thing, you do it at the end of the day, before you go to bed or go to sleep. 
  【搭配模式】：PHR after v

I'll go see her, first thing...我一早就去看她。
Take the money to your office without fail, first thing in the morning...早上第一件事是一定要把钱拿到办公室去。
I always do it last thing on a Saturday...这件事我总是放在星期六晚上睡觉前做。Last thing at night, he thought of her.晚上临睡前，他想起了她。

23.PHRASE	短语  对…很反感;对…有特别的感觉 If you have a thing about someone or something, you have very strong feelings about them. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

I had always had a thing about red hair...我一直很讨厌红头发。
He's got this thing about ties.他对领带很在意。

24.PHRASE	短语  最好…，…较好(用来提出建议或评论) You say it is a good thing to do something to introduce a piece of advice or a comment on a situation or activity. 
  【搭配模式】：PHR inf

Can you tell me whether it is a good thing to prune an apple tree?...你能否告诉我该不该修剪苹果树？
In a new democracy, it is no bad thing to master the art of compromise...在新的民主国家，掌握妥协这门艺术不是件坏事。
It is a terrible thing to doubt someone you have trusted all your life.怀疑你信任了一辈子的人是很叫人痛心的事。

25.PHRASE	短语  大肆渲染;小题大做;把事情闹大 If you make a thing of something or make a thing about it, you talk about it or do it in an exaggerated way, so that it seems much more important than it really is. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

Gossips made a big thing about him going on shopping trips with her...风言风语把他和她出去购物这件事闹得沸沸扬扬。
I took his hand to make a big thing of introducing him to my mother...我拉着他的手，郑重其事地把他介绍给了我母亲。
I didn't have time to tell you, and anyway, I didn't want to make a big thing out of it.我当时没有时间对你讲，再说了，我也不想把这事闹大。

26.PHRASE	短语  (用于对比两种想法、行动、局势，强调第二种更困难、重要或极端)…是一回事 You can say that the first of two ideas, actions, or situations is one thing when you want to contrast it with a second idea, action, or situation and emphasize that the second one is much more difficult, important, or extreme. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects
  【语用信息】：emphasis

It was one thing to talk about leaving; it was another to physically walk out the door...说走容易，真要抬腿跨出门可就难了。
Borrowing $100,000 is one thing. Owing $425,000 is another!借 10 万美元事儿小，欠 42.5 万美元这事可就大了。

27.PHRASE	短语  一方面;一来 You can say for one thing when you are explaining a statement or answering a question, to suggest that you are not giving the whole explanation or answer, and that there are other points that you could add to it. 
  【搭配模式】：PHR with cl

She was a monster. For one thing, she really enjoyed cruelty...她是个恶魔。一方面，她确实以残忍为乐。
She was unable to sell it, because for one thing its size was awkward...她卖不掉它，一来是由于尺寸用起来不方便。
'How have the sanctions affected your life in Belgrade?' — 'Well, for one thing, we already have shortages.'“制裁措施对于你在贝尔格莱德的生活有多大影响？”——“嗯，首先，我们已经缺乏物资。”

28.PHRASE	短语  各种原因;诸多事项 You can use the expression 'one thing and another' to suggest that there are several reasons for something or several items on a list, but you are not going to explain or mention them all. 
  【搭配模式】：oft with PHR
  【STYLE标签】：SPOKEN 口语

What with one thing and another, it was fairly late in the day when we returned to Shrewsbury...忙完这个又忙那个，等到我们回到什鲁斯伯里的时候，天色已经很晚了。
Everybody came in with their Christmas order for beer and spirits and port and one thing and another.每位来客都要为圣诞节订购啤酒、烈酒、波尔图葡萄酒等这样那样的酒。

29.PHRASE	短语  没办法解释的事;赶巧发生 If you say it is just one of those things you mean that you cannot explain something because it seems to happen by chance. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects

'I wonder why.' Mr. Dambar shrugged. 'It must be just one of those things, I guess.'“我也不知道为啥，”丹巴先生耸了耸肩，“我想可能是赶巧了吧。”
It was simply one of those things, pure coincidence.这是没办法的事，纯属巧合。

30.PHRASE	短语  顺理成章;自然而然 You say one thing led to another when you are explaining how something happened, but you do not really want to give the details or you think people will be able to imagine the details. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects

He came by on Saturday to see if she was lonely. One thing led to another and he stayed the night.他星期六过来看看她是不是感到孤独。自然而然地，他就留下来过夜了。

31.PHRASE	短语  我行我素;特立独行 If you do your own thing, you live, act, or behave in the way you want to, without paying attention to convention or depending on other people. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

We accept the right of all men and women to do their own thing, however bizarre...我们承认所有人——无论男女——都有权以自己的方式去生活，不管其方式有多么怪异离奇。
She was allowed to do her own thing as long as she kept in touch by phone.只要她保持电话联系，她就可以随心所欲地生活。

32.PHRASE	短语  不复存在的事物;过去的东西 If something is a thing of the past, it no longer exists or happens, or is being replaced by something new. 
  【搭配模式】：v-link PHR	

Painful typhoid injections are a thing of the past, thanks to the introduction of an oral vaccine...自从发明了口服疫苗后，令人痛苦的伤寒疫苗注射就成为了过去。
Cheap computers, faxes and phone calls will make commuting to work a thing of the past.廉价的电脑、传真和电话通信将使每天坐车上下班成为历史。

33.PHRASE	短语  幻视/幻听 If you say that someone is seeing or hearing things, you mean that they believe they are seeing or hearing something that is not really there. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects

Dr Payne led Lana back into the examination room and told her she was seeing things...佩恩大夫把拉娜领回检查室，告诉她她有幻视。
I thought I was hearing things yesterday. I thought I heard a cuckoo.我想昨天我出现幻听了。我以为听到了布谷鸟叫。

34.PHRASE	短语  没有这回事;不可能的事 You can say there is no such thing as something to emphasize that it does not exist or is not possible. 
  【搭配模式】：usu v-link PHR
  【语用信息】：emphasis

There really is no such thing as a totally risk-free industry...完全没有风险的行业是不存在的。
'I found a mermaid.' — 'Don't  be daft. There's no such thing.'“我发现了一条美人鱼。”——“别说傻话了。哪有那种东西。”

35.PHRASE	短语  原因是;情况是;问题是 You say the thing is to introduce an explanation, comment, or opinion, that relates to something that has just been said. The thing is is often used to identify a problem relating to what has just been said. 
  【搭配模式】：PHR cl
  【STYLE标签】：SPOKEN 口语

'What does your market research consist of?' — 'Well, the thing is, it depends on our target age group.'...“你的市场调查有哪些内容？”“嗯，这个嘛，要视我们的目标年龄群体而定。”
I'm getting a grant for a speech therapy course. But the thing is, I don't know whether I want to do it any more.我要弄到开设言语治疗课程的经费了。但问题是，我不知道自己是否还想做下去。

36.PHRASE	短语  正是所要的;正是所需的 If you say that something is just the thing or is the very thing, you are emphasizing that it is exactly what is wanted or needed. 
  【搭配模式】：usu v-link PHR
  【语用信息】：emphasis

Kiwi fruit are just the thing for a healthy snack...猕猴桃正是健康的小点心。
I know the very thing to cheer you up.我知道什么能让你提起精神。

37.PHRASE	短语  十分了解;精通 If you say that a person knows a thing or two about something or could teach someone a thing or two about it, you mean that they know a lot about it or are good at it. 
  【搭配模式】：PHR after v

Patricia Hewitt knows a thing or two about how to be well-organised...帕特里夏·休伊特很了解如何做到有条不紊。
They do agree Africa could teach America a thing or two about family values...他们一致认为，在家庭价值方面，非洲可以教给美洲很多。
The peace movement has learnt a thing or two from Vietnam.和平运动从越南学到了不少东西。

38.   other things being equal→see: equal; first things first→see: first; the real thing→see: real; the shape of things to come→see: shape; 


——————————————
★☆☆   thingummy

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  (指代不知其名或不愿用确切词汇或固有名称指称的人或物)那人，那东西，某某 You refer to something or someone as thingummy ,thingummyjig or thingummybob when you do not know or cannot be bothered to use the proper word or name for them. 
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式
  【STYLE标签】：SPOKEN 口语

I once bought a thingummy out of one of those catalogues...我曾经买过那些目录里的一样东西。
I must say, I mean, it sounded like er thingummyjig all over again without the politics.我得说，我的意思是，没有了政治后，那一切听上去又像，嗯，那个什么什么了。


——————————————
★☆☆   thingy

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  (用来指代不知其名或不愿用确切词汇或固有名称指称的人或物)那人，那东西，某某 You refer to something or someone as thingy when you do not know or cannot be bothered to use the proper word or name for them. 
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式
  【STYLE标签】：SPOKEN 口语

...the new phone thingy.那个新电话什么的
...what's his name, Sir Jack Thingy.他叫什么来着，杰克什么爵士


——————————————
★☆☆   think ●●●●●

1.VERB	动词  想;认为 If you think that something is the case, you have the opinion that it is the case. 
  【语法信息】：V that
  【语法信息】：it be V-ed that
  【语法信息】：V of/about n
  【语法信息】：V
  【语法信息】：V adj
  【语法信息】：V so/not
  【语法信息】：Also V n to-inf
  【搭配模式】：no cont

I certainly think there should be a ban on tobacco advertising...我确实认为应该禁止香烟广告。
Do you think I ought to seal the boxes up?...你认为我应该把这些盒子封起来吗？
A generation ago, it was thought that babies born this small could not survive...20多年前，人们认为这么大点儿的新生儿是活不下来的。Tell me, what do you think of my theory?...你说说，我的理论怎么样？Peter is useless, far worse than I thought...彼得真没用，比我想象的还要差。He manages a good deal better than I thought possible...他处理得比我预想的要好多了。'It ought to be stopped.' — 'Yes, I think so.'“这件事应该到此为止。”——“对，我也这么想。”

2.VERB	动词  感觉;觉得 If you say that you think that something is true or will happen, you mean that you have the impression that it is true or will happen, although you are not certain of the facts. 
  【语法信息】：V that
  【语法信息】：be V-ed to-inf
  【语法信息】：V so/not
  【搭配模式】：no cont

Nora thought he was seventeen years old...诺拉觉得他有 17 岁。
Do you think she was embarrassed about it?...你觉得她曾为此而难为情吗？
She's in Napa, I think...我觉得她现在在纳帕。The storm is thought to be responsible for as many as four deaths...据认为，暴风雨造成 4 人死亡。'Did Mr Stevens ever mention her to you?' — 'No, I don't think so.'“史蒂文斯先生有对你提起过她吗？”——“没，我想没有。”

3.VERB	动词  （以某种方式）考虑，思考 If you think in a particular way, you have those general opinions or attitudes. 
  【语法信息】：V like n
  【语法信息】：V as/like cl
  【语法信息】：V n
  【搭配模式】：no cont

You were probably brought up to think like that...你可能从小就被教育那样考虑问题。
He can keep matters under control by silencing the demonstrators and others who think like them...他可以通过压制示威者和与他们观点相同的人来控制住事态。
If you think as I do, vote as I do...你要是和我想法一样，那就和我投一样的票吧。I don't blame you for thinking that way.你那样想，我不怪你。

4.VERB	动词  想;考虑;思考 When you think about ideas or problems, you make a mental effort to consider them. 
  【语法信息】：V
  【语法信息】：V about n/wh
  【语法信息】：V wh
  【语法信息】：V wh-to-inf
  【搭配模式】：a N
  【语域标签】：mainly BRIT 主英

She closed her eyes for a moment, trying to think...她闭了一会儿眼睛，努力思考着。
I have often thought about this problem...我常考虑这个问题。
Next time you have a problem, think about how you can improve the situation instead of dwelling on all the negative aspects...下次再碰到问题，想想怎样改善局势，而不是一味考虑那些消极的方面。Let's think what we can do...我们想想看能做些什么。We had to think what to do next.我们必须考虑下一步该怎么办。Think is also a noun.  

I'll have a think about that.我会考虑那件事的。Usage Note :
Note that when you are using the verb think with a 'that'-clause in order to state a negative opinion or belief, you normally make think negative, rather than the verb in the 'that'-clause. For instance, it is more usual to say 'I don't think he saw me' than 'I think he didn't see me'. The same pattern applies to other verbs with a similar meaning, such as believe, consider, and suppose.注意，当动词 think 和 that 从句连用表示否定的观点或看法时，通常是对 think 进行否定，而不是否定 that 从句中的动词。例如，通常说 I don't think he saw me (我认为他没看见我)，而很少说 I think he didn't see me。同样的句型也适用于其他意义类似的动词，如 believe, consider, suppose 等。

5.VERB	动词  (以某种方式)考虑，思考 If you think in a particular way, you consider things, solve problems, or make decisions in this way, for example because of your job or your background. 
  【语法信息】：V prep
  【语法信息】：V n
  【搭配模式】：no passive

To make the computer work at full capacity, the programmer has to think like the machine...为了让计算机充分发挥作用，程序员就得像计算机一样思考。
I meet many businessmen, and I see they think in terms of the overall picture...我认识许多商人，我发觉他们考虑问题都是从全局出发的。
The referee has to think the way the players do.裁判必须从运动员的角度考虑问题。

6.VERB	动词  想到;想起;想出 If you think of something, it comes into your mind or you remember it. 
  【语法信息】：V of n
  【语法信息】：V wh
  【搭配模式】：no cont

Nobody could think of anything to say...谁也想不出什么话说。
I can't think of any reason why he should do that...我想不出来他为什么非要那样做。
I just can't think of his name...我就是想不起来他叫什么了。I was trying to think what else we had to do.我在努力想我们还得做些什么。

7.VERB	动词  想出，想到(主意) If you think of an idea, you make a mental effort and use your imagination and intelligence to create it or develop it. 
  【语法信息】：V of n

He thought of another way of getting out of the marriage...他又想到一个摆脱那桩婚姻的点子。
I don't know why I never thought of that.我怎么就从未想到过那一点。

8.VERB	动词  心里想;琢磨 If you are thinking something at a particular moment, you have words or ideas in your mind without saying them out loud. 
  【语法信息】：V with quote
  【语法信息】：V wh/that
  【语法信息】：V n
  【搭配模式】：no passive

She must be ill, Tatiana thought...她一定是病了，塔蒂亚娜心想。
I remember thinking how lovely he looked...我记得曾经在心里暗想他的样子多么可爱。
I'm trying to think positive thoughts.我尽力往积极的方面想。

9.VERB	动词  认为，以为(人或物具有某特点或用途) If you think of someone or something as having a particular quality or purpose, you regard them as having this quality or purpose. 
  【语法信息】：V of n as n/-ing
  【语法信息】：V n adj
  【搭配模式】：no cont

We all thought of him as a father...我们都视他为父亲。
He thinks of it as his home...他将那儿当作自己的家。
In China bats are thought of as being very lucky...在中国，蝙蝠被视为吉祥物。Nobody had thought him capable of that kind of thing.谁都没想到他能干出那种事情来。

10.VERB	动词  对…评价(很高) If you think a lot of someone or something, you admire them very much or think they are very good. 
  【语法信息】：V amount of n
  【语法信息】：V adv of n
  【搭配模式】：no cont

To tell the truth, I don't think much of psychiatrists...说实话，我不太喜欢精神科医生。
The Director thought a good deal of him...主任对他评价很高。
People at the club think very highly of him...俱乐部的人很佩服他。He seemed to be a good man, well thought of by all.大家都对他评价不错，他似乎是个好人。

11.VERB	动词  关心;考虑;为…着想 If you think of someone, you show consideration for them and pay attention to their needs. 
  【语法信息】：V of n
  【语法信息】：V about n

I'm only thinking of you...我一心只为你着想。
You never think of anyone but yourself...你从来不考虑别人，就只顾你自己。
We have the interest of 500,000 customers to think of...我们得为 50 万名顾客的利益着想。You don't  have to think about me and Hugh.你不必挂念我和休。

12.VERB	动词  考虑;打算 If you are thinking of taking a particular course of action, you are considering it as a possible course of action. 
  【语法信息】：V of -ing/n

Martin was thinking of taking legal action against Zuckerman...马丁在考虑对朱克曼提起诉讼。
Have you ever thought of marrying?...你有没有想过结婚？
It would be unwise for the government to think of privatisation as a means of saving money.政府要是把私有化当作省钱之道就不明智了。

13.VERB	动词  (用来引出例子或进一步解释)考虑,想到(某方面、某主题) You can say that you are thinking of a particular aspect or subject, in order to introduce an example or explain more exactly what you are talking about. 
  【语法信息】：V of n
  【搭配模式】：usu cont

I'm primarily thinking of the first year...我考虑的主要是第一年。
There is a theme of tragedy that runs through it: I'm thinking in particular of the story of Tom Howard.贯穿始终的是一个悲剧主题，特别是汤姆·霍华德的故事。

14.VERB	动词  (用于问句，表示生气、震惊)认为，以为 You use think in questions where you are expressing your anger or shock at someone's behaviour. 
  【语法信息】：V that
  【语法信息】：V of n/-ing
  【搭配模式】：only interrog
  【语用信息】：disapproval

Who does she think she is? Trying to make a fool of me like that...她以为她是谁啊？竟敢那样取笑我。
You can't do this! What do you think you're doing?...你不能这样做！你以为自己在干些什么？
What were you thinking of? You shouldn't steal.你当时是怎么想的？你不该偷东西。

15.VERB	动词  想来，想想看(用于评论过去所做或经历过的事情现在看来不可思议、愚蠢或令人震惊) You use think when you are commenting on something which you did or experienced in the past and which now seems surprising, foolish, or shocking to you. 
  【语法信息】：V that
  【语法信息】：V of n
  【搭配模式】：no cont

To think I left you alone in a place with a madman at large!...想想看，我竟然把你一个人抛在那儿，让你和一个无人看管的疯子呆在一起！
When I think of how you've behaved and the trouble you've got into!现在想想看，你都做了些什么，闯了多少祸！

16.VERB	动词  本来以为，原以为(用于批评别人该做某事而未做) You can use think in expressions such as you would think or I would have thought when you are criticizing someone because they ought to or could be expected to do something, but have not done it. 
  【语法信息】：V that
  【语法信息】：V so
  【语法信息】：Also V
  【搭配模式】：no cont
  【语用信息】：disapproval

You'd think you'd remember to wash your ears...还以为你能记得洗耳朵呢。
We would have thought he would have a more responsible attitude...我们本以为他会采取更负责的态度。
'Surely to God she should have been given some proper help.' — 'Well I would have thought so.'“她真应该得到适当的帮助。”——“嗯，我也这么想的。”

17.VERB	动词  谁都会以为/你会认为(用于对他人的行为表示惊讶或不满) You can use think in expressions such as anyone would think and you would think to express your surprise or disapproval at the way someone is behaving. 
  【语法信息】：V that
  【搭配模式】：no cont

Anyone would think you were in love with the girl...谁都会以为你和那个姑娘恋爱了。
You'd think you had never seen a door before!就好像你以前连门都见过一样！

18. See also: thinking;thought;   

19.PHRASE	短语  (表示突然记起或意识到某事)想起来了，想想看 You use expressions such as come to think of it ,when you think about it, or thinking about it, when you mention something that you have suddenly remembered or realized. 
  【搭配模式】：PHR with cl

He was her distant relative, as was everyone else on the island, come to think of it...想起来了，他和岛上的其他人一样，都是她的远亲。
When you think about it, he's probably right.现在想想看，他很可能是对的。

20.PHRASE	短语  我想，我觉得(用于委婉地解释等) You use 'I think' as a way of being polite when you are explaining or suggesting to someone what you want to do, or when you are accepting or refusing an offer. 
  【搭配模式】：PHR that
  【语用信息】：politeness

I think I'll go home and have a shower...我觉得我得回家冲个澡。
We need a job, and I thought we could go around and ask if people need odd jobs done...我们需要工作，我看我们可以四处打听打听，看有没有零活可做。
Time for a pint of beer, I think...我觉得该来一品脱啤酒了。'Would you like to do that another time.' — 'Yes I think so.'“你愿意再找时间做那件事吗？”——“我觉得可以。”

21.PHRASE	短语  我认为，我想(用于会话或讲话中，使语气稍显婉转) You use 'I think' in conversations or speeches to make your statements and opinions sound less forceful, rude, or direct. 
  【搭配模式】：PHR that
  【语用信息】：vagueness

I think he means 'at' rather than 'to'...我想，他是想说at，而不是to。
Thanks, but I think I can handle it...谢谢，不过我想我自己能应付。
This is, I think, much, much more important...我认为这个要重要得多得多。'You've got it wrong.' — 'I think not.'“你搞错了。”——“我看没搞错。”

22.PHRASE	短语  你想一想，想象一下(表示激动、着迷或震惊，同时希望谈话对方也有同感) You say just think when you feel excited, fascinated, or shocked by something, and you want the person to whom you are talking to feel the same. 
  【搭配模式】：PHR with cl

Just think; tomorrow we shall walk out of this place and leave it all behind us forever...你想想看，明天我们就要走出这个地方，再也不回来了。
Just think how snug and cosy we could be.想象一下，我们可以多么温暖舒适呀。

23.PHRASE	短语  重新考虑，再三斟酌(常指最终改变主意) If you think again about an action or decision, you consider it very carefully, often with the result that you change your mind and decide to do things differently. 
  【搭配模式】：oft PHR about n/-ing

It has forced politicians to think again about the wisdom of trying to evacuate refugees...这迫使政治家们重新考虑疏散难民是否明智。
He intends to ask the court to think again.他打算请求法庭再重新审度。

24.PHRASE	短语  认为…没什么了不起;觉得…很容易;认为…无所谓 If you think nothing of doing something that other people might consider difficult, strange, or wrong, you consider it to be easy or normal, and you do it often or would be quite willing to do it. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects

I thought nothing of betting £1,000 on a horse.我认为把 1,000 英镑押在一匹马身上没什么了不起。

25.PHRASE	短语  对…不在意;不觉得…奇怪(或重要) If something happens and you think nothing of it, you do not pay much attention to it or think of it as strange or important, although later you realize that it is. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects

When she went off to see her parents for the weekend I thought nothing of it...她周末去看她的父母，我当时没觉得有什么特别的。
One of Tony's friends, David, kept coming to my house but I didn't think anything of it.托尼的朋友戴维经常来我家，不过我当时并没多想。

26.   you can't hear yourself think→see: hear; to shudder to think→see: shudder; to think better of it→see: better; to think big→see: big; to think twice→see: twice; to think the world of someone→see: world; 相关词组：think back think out think over think through think up 


——————————————
★☆☆   think back

1.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  回忆;回想 If you think back, you make an effort to remember things that happened to you in the past. 
  【语法信息】：V P prep
  【语法信息】：V P

I thought back to the time in 1975 when my son was desperately ill...我回想起 1975 年，那时我儿子病得很重。
When you think back on it, do you think that it was the right thing to do?...现在回想起来，你觉得当时那样做对吗？
Thinking back, I don't know how I had the courage.现在回想起来，我都搞不清我当时哪来的那股勇气。


——————————————
★☆☆   thinker ●○○○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  思考者;(尤指)思想家 A thinker is a person who spends a lot of time thinking deeply about important things, especially someone who is famous for thinking of new or interesting ideas. 

...some of the world's greatest thinkers.世界上一些最伟大的思想家


——————————————
★☆☆   thinking ●●●●○

1.N-UNCOUNT	不可数名词  思想;观点 The general ideas or opinions of a person or group can be referred to as their thinking . 
  【搭配模式】：with poss

There was undeniably a strong theoretical dimension to his thinking.不可否认，他的思想很有理论深度。
...the direction of the ANC's thinking on the country's political future...非国大对于本国政治前景的认识方向
The thinking of economic bureaucrats tends to lag behind changes in world conditions.经济官员的思想往往跟不上世界局势的变化。

2.N-UNCOUNT	不可数名词  思想;思维;思考 Thinking is the activity of using your brain by considering a problem or possibility or creating an idea. 

This is a time of decisive action and quick thinking...这个时候应该果断行动、快速反应。
After the pain of defeat passes, England have some thinking to do.失败的痛苦过去以后，英国人应该认真反思一下。

3.ADJ	形容词  有头脑的;有见识的 If you describe someone as a thinking man or woman, you mean that they are intelligent and take an interest in important events and issues, and you approve of this. 
  【搭配模式】：ADJ n
  【语用信息】：approval

Thinking people on both sides will applaud this book...双方的有识之士都会称赞这本书。
A newspaper called him 'the thinking man's Tory'.一家报纸称他为“有见识的保守党人”。

4. See also: wishful thinking;   to my way of thinking→see: way; 


——————————————
★☆☆   think out

1.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  仔细思考;全面考虑 If you think something out, you consider all the aspects and details of it before doing anything or making a decision. 
  【语法信息】：V n P
  【语法信息】：V-ed P
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)

I need time alone to think things out...我需要独自一个人好好想想。
The book is detailed and well thought out...这本书内容详细，考虑全面。
He chewed at the end of his pencil, thinking out the next problem.他咬着铅笔头，仔细思考着下一道题。


——————————————
★☆☆   think over

1.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  仔细考虑;认真思考 If you think something over, you consider it carefully before making a decision. 
  【语法信息】：V n P
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)

She said she needs time to think it over...她说，她需要时间好好想一想。
I suggest you think over your position very carefully.我建议你认真考虑一下你的处境。


——————————————
★☆☆   think-piece
——————————————
★☆☆   think piece

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  (报纸、杂志上的)评论文章，严肃文章 A think piece is an article in a newspaper or magazine that discusses a particular subject in a serious and thoughtful way. 

...a think-piece by a pundit in the New York Times.一位专家在《纽约时报》上发表的一篇评论文章


——————————————
★☆☆   think-tank ●○○○○

1.N-COUNT-COLL	可数集合名词  (尤指政府的)智囊团，智库 A think-tank is a group of experts who are gathered together by an organization, especially by a government, in order to consider various problems and try and work out ways to solve them. 

...Moscow's leading foreign policy think-tank.莫斯科首要的外交政策智囊团


——————————————
★☆☆   think through

1.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  充分考虑,全盘考虑，想透(所有可能的影响或结果) If you think a situation through, you consider it thoroughly, together with all its possible effects or consequences. 
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)
  【语法信息】：V P wh
  【语法信息】：V n P

I didn't think through the consequences of promotion...我没有把晋升带来的所有后果都考虑清楚。
The administration has not really thought through what it plans to do once the fighting stops...政府还没有认真考虑过一旦战斗结束，它打算怎么办。
It was the first time she'd had a chance to think it through.那是她第一次有机会把事情好好考虑一下。


——————————————
★☆☆   think up

1.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  想出，想到(主意、计划) If you think something up, for example an idea or plan, you invent it using mental effort. 
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)
  【语法信息】：V n P

Julian has been thinking up new ways of raising money...朱利安想出了不少筹款的新办法。
'Where do you get that idea about the piano?' — 'Well, I just thought it up.'“关于钢琴的那个主意你是从哪儿得来的？”——“哦，就这么想出来的。”


——————————————
★☆☆   thin out

1.   →see: thin 11; →see: thin 9; 


——————————————
★☆☆   thin-skinned

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  脸皮薄的;敏感的;易生气的 If you say that someone is thin-skinned, you mean that they are easily upset by criticism or unpleasantness. 
  【搭配模式】：usu v-link ADJ
  【语用信息】：disapproval

Some fear he is too thin-skinned to survive the rough-and-tumble of a presidential campaign.有人担心他脸皮太薄，经受不住总统选举的激烈竞争。


——————————————
★☆☆   third ●●●●○

1.ORD	序数词  第三 The third item in a series is the one that you count as number three. 

I sleep on the third floor...我睡在三楼。
It was the third time one of his cars had gone up in flames...这是他的车第三次起火。
He came third in the poll with 149 votes...他在选举中获得 149 票，名列第三。The attack was the third so far this year.这是今年迄今为止的第三次袭击。

2.FRACTION	分数词  三分之一 A third is one of three equal parts of something. 

A third of the cost went into technology and services...有三分之一的支出投入了技术和服务。
Only one third get financial help from their fathers...只有三分之一的人得到父亲的经济援助。
He divided their kingdom into thirds.他把他们的王国分成了三个部分。

3.ADV	副词  第三(点) You say third when you want to make a third point or give a third reason for something. 
  【搭配模式】：ADV with cl (not last in cl)

First, interest rates may take longer to fall than is hoped. Second, in real terms, lending may fall. Third, bad loans could wipe out much of any improvement.首先，利率的下降可能没有希望的那样快;第二，实际贷款额可能会减少;第三，坏账很可能抵消大部分增长。

4.N-COUNT	可数名词  三等学位(英国大学颁发的最低级荣誉学位) A third is the lowest honours degree that can be obtained from a British university. 
  【搭配模式】：usu sing


——————————————
★☆☆   third-class

1.ADJ	形容词  (英国大学颁发的荣誉学位)三等的 A third-class degree is the lowest honours degree that can be obtained from a British university. 
  【搭配模式】：ADJ n

2.ADJ	形容词  (旧时的车厢或舱位)三等的，票价最低的 In the past, the third-class accommodation on a train or ship was the cheapest and least comfortable accommodation. 
  【搭配模式】：usu ADJ n
  【搭配模式】：ADV after v

...third-class passengers.三等舱（或车厢）乘客Third-class is also an adverb.  

...travelling third class.坐三等舱（或车厢）旅行


——————————————
★☆☆   third-degree

1.ADJ	形容词  (烧伤)三度的，严重的 Third-degree burns are very severe, destroying tissue under the skin. 
  【搭配模式】：ADJ n

He suffered third-degree burns over 98 per cent of his body.他身上三度烧伤的面积达98%。

2.N-SING	单数名词  严厉的责问;狠狠的批评 If you say that someone has been given the third degree, you mean that they have been questioned or criticized extremely severely, sometimes with physical violence. 
  【搭配模式】：usu the N
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

The next thing you know, she's phoned to complain and you're suddenly being given the third degree.还没等你反应过来，她就已经打来电话抱怨，而你就突然挨了一顿狠批。


——————————————
★☆☆   thirdly ●○○○○

1.ADV	副词  第三(点) You use thirdly when you want to make a third point or give a third reason for something. 
  【搭配模式】：ADV with cl (not last in cl)

First of all, there are not many of them, and secondly, they have little money and, thirdly, they have few big businesses.首先，他们人数不多;第二，他们钱很少;第三，他们没有几家大企业。


——————————————
★☆☆   third party

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  (商业协议中的)第三方，第三者;(法律案件中的)第三当事人 A third party is someone who is not one of the main people involved in a business agreement or legal case, but who is involved in it in a minor role. 

You can instruct your bank to allow a third party to remove money from your account.你可以通知银行，允许第三方从你的账户取款。

2.ADJ	形容词  (保险)第三方责任的 Third-party insurance is a type of insurance that pays money to people who are hurt or whose property is damaged as a result of something you have done. It does not pay you any money for damage you suffer as a result of your own actions. 
  【语域标签】：BRIT 英

Premiums for third-party cover are set to rise by up to 25 per cent.第三方责任险的保险费很有可能要上调 25% 之多。


——————————————
★☆☆   third person

1.N-SING	单数名词  (语法)第三人称 In grammar, a statement in the third person is a statement about another person or thing, and not directly about yourself or about the person you are talking to. The subject of a statement like this is 'he', 'she', 'it', or a name or noun. 
  【搭配模式】：the N


——————————————
★☆☆   third-rate

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  三流的;低劣的 If you describe something as third-rate, you mean that it is of a very poor quality or standard. 
  【搭配模式】：usu ADJ n

...a third-rate movie.三流电影


——————————————
★☆☆   Third Way

1.N-SING	单数名词  第三条道路；中间路线 The Third Way is used to refer to a set of political beliefs and principles that is neither extremely right-wing nor extremely left-wing. 

...finding a 'Third Way' between communism and capitalism.在共产主义和资本主义之间寻求第三条道路


——————————————
★☆☆   Third World

1.N-PROPER	专有名词  第三世界;第三世界国家 The countries of Africa, Asia, and South America are sometimes referred to all together as the Third World, especially those parts that are poor, do not have much power, and are not considered to be highly developed. 
  【搭配模式】：the N

...development in the Third World.第三世界的发展
...Third World debt.第三世界国家的债务


——————————————
★☆☆   thirst ●○○○○

1.N-VAR	可变名词  渴;口渴 Thirst is the feeling that you need to drink something. 

Coca is well-known for reducing hunger, thirst and fatigue...人们都知道可乐能消饿、止渴和解乏。
Instead of tea or coffee, drink water to quench your thirst...渴了喝水，别喝茶或咖啡。
I had such a thirst.我渴得难受。

2.N-UNCOUNT	不可数名词  干渴;缺水 Thirst is the condition of not having enough to drink. 

They died of thirst on the voyage.他们在航行途中因缺水而死亡。

3.N-SING	单数名词  渴望;渴求 A thirst for something is a very strong desire for that thing. 
  【搭配模式】：usu N for n

Children show a real thirst for learning.孩子们对于学习表现出真诚的渴望。
...their ever-growing thirst for cash.他们对于金钱越来越强烈的渴求

4.VERB	动词  渴望;渴求 If you say that someone thirsts for something, you mean that they have a strong desire for it. 
  【语法信息】：V for/after n
  【STYLE标签】：LITERARY 文

We all thirst for the same things.我们都渴望得到同样的东西。


——————————————
★☆☆   thirsty ●○○○○

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  渴的;干渴的 If you are thirsty, you feel a need to drink something. 
  【搭配模式】：usu v-link ADJ

If a baby is thirsty, it feeds more often...婴儿要是渴了，就会吃得更频繁。
Drink whenever you feel thirsty during exercise.运动过程中渴了就喝点水。thirstily

The child nodded, drinking her milk thirstily.那个孩子边大口地喝着牛奶边点了点头。

2.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  渴望的;渴求的 If you are thirsty for something, you have a strong desire for it. 
  【搭配模式】：v-link ADJ for n
  【STYLE标签】：LITERARY 文

People should understand how thirsty for revenge they are.人们应该理解他们复仇的愿望是多么强烈。


——————————————
★☆☆   thirteen ●●●●●

1.NUM	数词  (数字) 13 Thirteen is the number 13. 


——————————————
★☆☆   thirteenth ●●●●○

1.ORD	序数词  第十三 The thirteenth item in a series is the one that you count as number thirteen. 


——————————————
★☆☆   thirtieth ●●●●○

1.ORD	序数词  第三十 The thirtieth item in a series is the one that you count as number thirty. 


——————————————
★☆☆   thirty ●●●●●

1.NUM	数词  (数字) 30 Thirty is the number 30. 

2.N-PLURAL	复数名词  三十多，三十几(指 30 至 39 之间的数字) When you talk about the thirties, you are referring to numbers between 30 and 39. For example, if you are in your thirties, you are aged between 30 and 39. If the temperature is in the thirties, the temperature is between 30 and 39 degrees. 

Mozart clearly enjoyed good health throughout his twenties and early thirties.显然，莫扎特在二十几岁到三十刚出头时，身体非常好。

3.N-PLURAL	复数名词  三十年代(指 1930 年至 1939 年) The thirties is the decade between 1930 and 1939. 
  【搭配模式】：the N

She became quite a notable director in the thirties and forties.她在三四十年代成了一位名导演。


——————————————
★☆☆   this ●●●●●
The determiner is pronounced /ðɪs/. In other cases, this is pronounced /'ðis/. 限定词读作 /ðɪs/，其他情况下在句中作重读。

1.DET	限定词  (指代先前提及的人或物)这，这个 You use this to refer back to a particular person or thing that has been mentioned or implied. 
  【搭配模式】：DET sing-n/n-uncount

When food comes out of any oven, it should stand a while. During this delay the centre carries on cooking...食物出炉后都应该静置一会。在此期间，中心部分还在继续加热。
On 1 October the US suspended a proposed $574 million aid package for 1991. Of this amount, $250 million is for military purchases.10 月 1 号，美国暂停了拟议中的一项 1991 年度总计 5.74 亿美元的一揽子援助方案，这其中有 2.5 亿美元是用于军事采购的。This is also a pronoun.  

I don't know how bad the injury is, because I have never had one like this before.我不知道伤得有多重，因为以前从没受过这样的伤。

2.PRON	代词  (引出将要谈论的人或物)下面(这个)，以下 You use this to introduce someone or something that you are going to talk about. 
  【搭配模式】：DET sing-n

This is what I will do. I will telephone Anna and explain.下面是我要做的：我要给安娜打电话解释清楚。This is also a determiner.  

This report is from David Cook of our Science Unit: 'Why did the dinosaurs become extinct?'以下是来自我们科学部的戴维·库克的报道：“为什么恐龙灭绝了？”

3.PRON	代词  这一点(指前一句或几句话中提到的观点或情况) You use this to refer back to an idea or situation expressed in a previous sentence or sentences. 

You feel that it's uneconomic to insist that people work together in groups. Why is this?...你觉得要求大家分组工作不划算，这是为什么呢？
A job is pretty much nine-to-five. Is this what you feel would make you happy?工作时间多数是朝九晚五，你觉得这样会让你感觉愉快吗？This is also a determiner.  

There have been continual demands for action by the political authorities to put an end to this situation.各方不断要求政府当局采取行动来结束这种局面。

4.DET	限定词  (叙述时引出新出现的人或物)这个，一个 In spoken English, people use this to introduce a person or thing into a story. 
  【搭配模式】：DET sing-n

I came here by chance and was just watching what was going on, when this girl attacked me...我碰巧来到这儿，正看着热闹，突然一个女孩袭击了我。
So I just walked up the steps into this big, beautiful church.于是我就拾级而上，走进了这座漂亮的大教堂。

5.PRON	代词  这个，这位(尤指所触碰或指向的离自己较近的人或物，有两个以上时，用于指最近的一个) You use this to refer to a person or thing that is near you, especially when you touch them or point to them. When there are two or more people or things near you, this refers to the nearest one. 

'If you'd prefer something else I'll gladly have it changed for you.' — 'No, this is great.'...“您要是喜欢别的，我很乐意帮您调换一下。”——“不用了，这个挺好。”
'Is this what you were looking for?' Bradley produced the handkerchief...“你刚才找的是不是这个？”布拉德利掏出那块手绢。
This is my colleague, Mr Arnold Landon.这位是我的同事，阿诺德·兰登先生。This is also a determiner.  

This church was built in the eleventh century.这座教堂修建于 11 世纪。

6.PRON	代词  这个，这(指代正在发生或刚刚发生的与自己有关的一般情况、活动或事件) You use this when you refer to a general situation, activity, or event which is happening or has just happened and which you feel involved in. 
  【搭配模式】：PRON with be

I thought, this is why I've travelled thousands of miles...我想，这就是我为何不远千里赶来的原因。
Tim, this is awful. I know what you must think, but it's not so...蒂姆，这可糟了。我知道你心里在想什么，但实际情况不是这样的。
Is this what you want to do with the rest of your life?这就是你后半辈子想要做的事情吗？

7.DET	限定词  这，该，此(指当前所处地点或时间) You use this when you refer to the place you are in now or to the present time. 
  【搭配模式】：DET sing-n/n-uncount

We've stopped transporting weapons to this country by train...我们已停止用火车向该国运送武器。
This place is run like a hotel ought to be run...这个地方的经营方式就是旅馆应该有的样子。
I think coffee is probably the best thing at this point...我认为此时喝杯咖啡是最赞的了。Nothing seems certain in this crucial period in Pakistan's political life.在巴基斯坦政治历史上的这个紧要关头，一切皆非定数。This is also a pronoun.  

This is the worst place I've come across...这是我见过的最差的地方。This could have been one of the coldest golf tournaments on record.这很可能是高尔夫锦标赛比赛史上天气最为寒冷的一次。

8.DET	限定词  本，今，这个，下一个(指接下来将要发生某事的特定时间) You use this to refer to the next occurrence in the future of a particular day, month, season, or festival. 
  【搭配模式】：DET sing-n

...this Sunday's 7.45 performance...本周日 7 点 45 分的表演
We're getting married this June...我们准备今年 6 月结婚。
Jordan's own-label collection of sweatshirts, T-shirts and caps will be available this Christmas.乔丹自有品牌的运动衫、T恤衫和帽子系列将于今年圣诞节上市。

9.ADV	副词  这么，这样(用于用手比划大小、形状时) You use this when you are indicating the size or shape of something with your hands. 
  【搭配模式】：ADV adj

They'd said the wound was only about this big you see and he showed me with his fingers.他们说伤口只有这么一点大，他还用手指比划给我看。

10.ADV	副词  这么，这样(用于说明自己知道或能告知的内容) You use this when you are going to specify how much you know or how much you can tell someone. 
  【搭配模式】：ADV adv

I am not going to reveal what my seven-year plan is, but I will tell you this much, if it works out, the next seven years will be very interesting.我不想透露我的七年计划的具体内容，不过有一点可以告诉你，如果顺利实施，今后的七年将非常有意义。

11.CONVENTION	惯用语  是这样;确实 If you say this is it, you are agreeing with what someone else has just said. 
  【语用信息】：formulae

'You know, people conveniently forget the things they say.' — 'Well this is it.'“你知道，人们会选择性地忘记自己说过的话。”——“嗯，是这样。”

12.PRON	代词  (用于电话、广播或电视中，表明身份或所代表的机构)我是，这里是 You use this in order to say who you are or what organization you are representing, when you are speaking on the telephone, radio, or television. 

Hello, this is John Thompson...喂，我是约翰·汤普森。
'Hello, is this Raymond Brown?' — 'Yeah, who's this?'...“喂，是雷蒙德·布朗吗？”——“对，您是哪位？”
This is NPR, National Public Radio.这里是NPR，国家公共电台。

13.DET	限定词  这个(指说话、写作时的媒介) You use this to refer to the medium of communication that you are using at the time of speaking or writing. 
  【搭配模式】：DET sing-n

What I'm going to do in this lecture is focus on something very specific...我在今天的讲座中将主要探讨一些非常具体的问题。
What a book can do, and what this one will try to accomplish, is to present examples of how life can be made more enjoyable...一本书能做到的，也是本书努力实现的，就是列举一些例子说明如何让生活变得更加愉快。
Later in this chapter, I recommend several specific steps we need to take.在本章后面部分，我将提出几个我们需要采取的具体步骤。

14. See also: these;   

15.PHRASE	短语  各种各样的东西;这样那样 If you say that you are doing or talking about this and that, or this, that, and the other you mean that you are doing or talking about a variety of things that you do not want to specify. 

'And what are you doing now?' — 'Oh this and that.'“那你现在在做什么呢？”——“哦，瞎忙。”
I want to make a point about all these charges going up, water rates and all this that and the other.我想就水费及其他各种各样费用的上涨谈谈看法。


——————————————
★☆☆   thistle

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  蓟(叶片带刺、开紫色花的野生植物) A thistle is a wild plant which has leaves with sharp points and purple flowers. 


——————————————
★☆☆   thither

1.ADV	副词  到那里;向那边 Thither means to the place that has already been mentioned. hither and thither→see: hither; 
  【搭配模式】：ADV after v
  【STYLE标签】：OLD-FASHIONED 过时

They have dragged themselves thither for shelter.他们费力地挪动到那边躲避。


——————————————
★☆☆   tho'
——————————————
★☆☆   tho
——————————————
★☆☆   thong

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  皮带;塑料带;橡胶带 A thong is a long thin strip of leather, plastic, or rubber. 

2.N-COUNT	可数名词  丁字裤 A thong is a narrow band of cloth that is worn between a person's legs to cover up his or her sexual organs, and that is held up by a piece of string around the waist. 

3.N-COUNT	可数名词  人字拖鞋 Thongs are open shoes which are held on your foot by a V-shaped strap that goes between your big toe and the toe next to it. 
  【搭配模式】：usu pl
  【语域标签】：mainly AM 主美in BRIT, usually use 英国英语通常用 flip-flops


——————————————
★☆☆   thoracic

1.ADJ	形容词  胸的;胸腔的;胸廓的 Thoracic means relating to or affecting your thorax. 
  【搭配模式】：ADJ n
  【FIELD标签】：MEDICAL 医

...diseases of the thoracic area.胸部疾病


——————————————
★☆☆   thorax

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  胸部;胸腔;胸廓 Your thorax is the part of your body between your neck and your waist. 
  【搭配模式】：usu sing
  【FIELD标签】：MEDICAL 医

2.N-COUNT	可数名词  (昆虫的)胸部，胸节 An insect's thorax is the central part of its body to which the legs and wings are attached. 
  【搭配模式】：usu sing
  【FIELD标签】：TECHNICAL 术语


——————————————
★☆☆   thorn ●○○○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  (某些植物、树木上的)刺，棘刺 Thorns are the sharp points on some plants and trees, for example on a rose bush. 

Roses will always have thorns but with care they can be avoided.玫瑰花上都有刺，不过只要小心就碰不到。

2.N-VAR	可变名词  荆棘;带刺的树;带刺小灌木 A thorn or a thorn bush or a thorn tree is a bush or tree which has a lot of thorns on it. 

...the shade of a thorn bush.一丛荆棘下的阴凉
...the thorn and bramble thickets.荆棘密布的灌木丛

3.PHRASE	短语  肉中刺;长期困扰的问题 If you describe someone or something as a thorn in your side or a thorn in your flesh, you mean that they are a continuous problem to you or annoy you. 
  【搭配模式】：v-link PHR

She's a real thorn in his side...她真叫他头疼。
The Party was a thorn in the flesh of his coalition.该党是他所在联盟的眼中钉、肉中刺。


——————————————
★☆☆   thorny ●○○○○

1.ADJ	形容词  (植物、树木)带刺的，多刺的 A thorny plant or tree is covered with thorns. 
  【搭配模式】：usu ADJ n

...thorny hawthorn trees.长满刺的山楂树

2.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (问题)棘手的，复杂难解的，令人头疼的 If you describe a problem as thorny, you mean that it is very complicated and difficult to solve, and that people are often unwilling to discuss it. 
  【搭配模式】：usu ADJ n

...the thorny issue of immigration policy...移民政策这个棘手问题
It is essential that we tackle this thorny problem.我们很有必要处理这个棘手问题。


——————————————
★☆☆   thorough ●●●○○

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (行为、活动)详细的，全面的，彻底的 A thorough action or activity is one that is done very carefully and in a detailed way so that nothing is forgotten. 
  【搭配模式】：usu ADJ n

We are making a thorough investigation...我们正在进行彻底调查。
This very thorough survey goes back to 1784...这个非常全面的调查可追溯到 1784 年。
How thorough is the assessment?这个评估详细到什么程度？thoroughly

Food that is being offered hot must be reheated thoroughly.买来的热熟食必须重新热透。
...a thoroughly researched and illuminating biography.一本资料翔实、极富启发性的传记thoroughness

The thoroughness of the evaluation process we went through was impressive.我们亲历的评估过程面面俱到，给人留下了深刻印象。

2.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (人)仔细的，严谨的 Someone who is thorough is always very careful in their work, so that nothing is forgotten. 
  【搭配模式】：usu v-link ADJ

Martin would be a good judge, I thought. He was calm and thorough...我想，马丁将会是个优秀的法官，他做事沉稳，头脑严谨。
The men were expert, thorough and careful.那些人业务精通，作风严谨，态度认真。thoroughness

His thoroughness and attention to detail is legendary.他的严谨和对细节的关注是出了名的。

3.ADJ	形容词  完全的，绝对的(用来强调程度) Thorough is used to emphasize the great degree or extent of something. 
  【搭配模式】：det ADJ
  【语用信息】：emphasis

I was a thorough little academic snob...我那时是个目空一切、自以为是的小学术愤青。
We regard the band as a thorough shambles.我们认为那个乐队一塌糊涂。thoroughly

I thoroughly enjoy your programme...我非常喜欢你们的节目。
We returned home thoroughly contented.我们心满意足地回家了。


——————————————
★☆☆   thoroughbred ●○○○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  纯种马 A thoroughbred is a horse that has parents that are of the same high quality breed. 

2.N-COUNT	可数名词  良种赛马 A thoroughbred is a particular breed of racing horse. 
  【搭配模式】：oft N n

...a thoroughbred stallion.良种牡马


——————————————
★☆☆   thoroughfare

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  大道;大街;通衢 A thoroughfare is a main road in a town or city which usually has shops along it and a lot of traffic. 
  【搭配模式】：usu supp N
  【语域标签】：FORMAL 正式

...a busy thoroughfare.繁忙的大街


——————————————
★☆☆   thorough-going
——————————————
★☆☆   thoroughgoing

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  完全的;十足的 You use thoroughgoing to emphasize that someone or something is fully or completely the type of person or thing specified. 
  【搭配模式】：usu ADJ n
  【语用信息】：emphasis

...a thoroughgoing conservative.不折不扣的保守派
...readers who are unhappy with such thoroughgoing materialism.对这种十足的物质主义不满的读者

2.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  仔细的;彻底的 If you describe a piece of work as thoroughgoing, you approve of it because it has been carefully and thoroughly put together. 
  【搭配模式】：usu ADJ n
  【语用信息】：approval

...a thoroughgoing review of prison conditions.对监狱环境的一次彻底检查
...this splendidly thoroughgoing biography.这本内容极其详尽的传记


——————————————
★☆☆   those ●●●●●
The determiner is pronounced /ðəʊz/. The pronoun is pronounced /'ðəʊz/. 作限定词时读作 /ðəʊz/，作代词时在句中重读。

1.DET	限定词  (指代已经提及的人或物)那些 You use those to refer to people or things which have already been mentioned. 
  【搭配模式】：DET pl-n

Theoretically he had control over more than $400 million in US accounts. But, in fact, it was the US Treasury and State Department who controlled those accounts...从理论上说，他掌管着美国账户里的 4 亿美元。然而，事实上，是美国财政部和国务院在掌控那些账户。
They have the aircraft capable of doing significant damage, because most of those aircraft are capable of launching anti-ship missiles.他们拥有具有强大杀伤力的飞机，因为那些飞机多数都能发射反舰导弹。Those is also a pronoun.  

I understand that there are a number of projects going on. Could you tell us a little bit about those?...我知道目前正在进行许多项目。能否请您简单谈一谈那些项目？Waterfalls never fail to attract and those at the Falls of Clyde are no exception.瀑布向来都不乏吸引力，克莱德瀑布群也不例外。

2.DET	限定词  那些(尤用于指示或指向在时间、空间上离自己稍远的人或物) You use those when you are referring to people or things that are a distance away from you in position or time, especially when you indicate or point to them. 
  【搭配模式】：DET pl-n

What are those buildings?...那些是什么建筑？
Oh, those books! I meant to put them away before this afternoon.哦，那些书！我本来要在下午之前收起来的。Those is also a pronoun.  

Those are nice shoes. Where'd you get them?...你那双鞋子不错，在哪儿买的？Excuse me. What are those for?...对不起，那些是做什么用的？I think those are my earrings.我想那是我的耳环。

3.DET	限定词  (用于提供更多的细节、信息) You use those to refer to someone or something when you are going to give details or information about them. 
  【搭配模式】：DET pl-n
  【语域标签】：FORMAL 正式

Those people who took up weapons to defend themselves are political prisoners...那些拿起武器自卫的人是些政治犯。
The point of home bread-making is to avoid those additives used in much commercial baking.自制面包就是为了避免吃到许多面包店使用的添加剂。

4.PRON	代词  (用来对已经提及的事物作补充说明) You use those to introduce more information about something already mentioned, instead of repeating the noun which refers to it. 
  【搭配模式】：PRON pron-rel
  【语域标签】：FORMAL 正式

The interests he is most likely to enjoy will be those which enable him to show off himself or his talents...他最有可能感兴趣的就是那些能让他表现自己或炫耀才华的事情。
The cells of the body, especially those of the brain, can live only minutes without circulating blood.如果血液不循环，肌体细胞，尤其是脑细胞，只能存活几分钟。

5.PRON	代词  人们;人 You use those to mean 'people'. 
  【搭配模式】：PRON prep/adj/-ed

A little selfish behaviour is unlikely to cause real damage to those around us...稍许自私的行为不会对我们身边的人造成实质性伤害。
A number of leading opposition figures were said to be among those arrested.据说，许多反对派的重要人物也在被捕者之列。

6.DET	限定词  (用于认为谈话对象知道所谈事物或确认双方所想为相同的人或事物时) You use those when you refer to things that you expect the person you are talking to to know about or when you are checking that you are both thinking of the same people or things. 
  【搭配模式】：DET pl-n

He did buy me those daffodils a week or so ago...他确实在大约一个星期前给我买了那些水仙花。
I have been putting pressure onto the Cleansing Services to replace those dustbin lids...我一直在给保洁部门施加压力，要求他们更换那些垃圾箱的盖子。
I believe they've doubled their turnover since those advertisements appeared in the press.我相信，那些广告在报上刊登出来后，他们的营业额已经翻番。...those embarrassing moments we all have.我们都经历过的那些尴尬时刻


——————————————
★☆☆   thou ●○○○○

1.PRON-SING	单数型代词 See also: holier-than-thou;  你，汝，尔(旧用词，现亦用于诗歌或宗教类语境，用作主语) Thou is an old-fashioned, poetic, or religious word for 'you' when you are talking to only one person. It is used as the subject of a verb. 


——————————————
★☆☆   though ●●●●●
Pronounced /ðəʊ/ for meanings 1 and 2, and /'ðəʊ/ for meanings 3 to 5. 义项 1、2 读作 /ðəʊ/，义项 3 至 5 在句中作重读。

1.CONJ-SUBORD	连词  尽管;虽然 You use though to introduce a statement in a subordinate clause which contrasts with the statement in the main clause. You often use though to introduce a fact which you regard as less important than the fact in the main clause. 

Gaelic has been a dying language for many years, though children are nowadays taught it in school...盖尔语多年来一直濒于消亡，尽管如今孩子们还在学校学习这门语言。
After news of this new court case Ford broke down again, though he blamed the breakdown on his work...福特听到这一场新官司的消息后再次精神崩溃，尽管他说自己是因为工作才这样的。
He's very attractive, though certainly not a ladykiller...他很有魅力，虽然还不至于使女人一见倾心。Cleveland has always had a reputation for being a dirty, ugly, boring city, though now they say it is much better.克利夫兰一直因其环境脏乱、市容丑陋、沉闷无趣而恶名在外，尽管据说现在好多了。

2.CONJ-SUBORD	连词  不过;可是;然而 You use though to introduce a subordinate clause which gives some information that is relevant to the main clause and weakens the force of what it is saying. 

I look back on it as the bloodiest (though not literally) winter of the war...我现在回想起来，觉得那是战时最血腥的(但并非字面意义上的)一个冬天。
The problem was finally, though not conclusively, identified as a severely pinched nerve...问题终于被认定为是神经受到严重挤压，尽管这还不是最终结论。
His achievements, though hardly exciting, were widely admired.尽管他的成就不怎么激动人心，可依然备受赞赏。

3.ADV	副词  不过;但是 You use though to indicate that the information in a clause contrasts with or modifies information given in a previous sentence or sentences. 
  【搭配模式】：ADV with cl

I like him. Though he makes me angry sometimes...我喜欢他，不过他有时惹我生气。
I want to try my hand at politics, or go back to the law. I don't want to go to school for it, though...我想进入政坛，或者重操律师旧业。不过我不想进学校去专门学习。
It might be worth your while to go to court. This is tricky, though, and you'll need expert advice.对你来说这官司或许值得一打，不过这件事有点棘手，你需要专家的建议。

4.PHRASE	短语  不是吹牛;我不是自夸 You can say though I say so myself or even though I say it myself when you are praising yourself or something you have done, but do not want to sound too proud. 
  【搭配模式】：PHR with cl
  【STYLE标签】：mainly SPOKEN 主口语

I'm a good cook, though I say it myself...我并非自夸，我的厨艺的确高超。
Even though I do say it myself we've probably got the best little restaurant in town.不是我吹牛，我们的小饭店可能是全城最好的。

5.   as though→see: as; even though→see: even; 


——————————————
★☆☆   thought ●●●●●

1.  Thought is the past tense and past participle of think . 

2.N-COUNT	可数名词  念头;想法;主意 A thought is an idea that you have in your mind. 
  【搭配模式】：oft N of n/-ing

The thought of Nick made her throat tighten...一想到尼克，她的喉咙就发紧。
I tormented myself with the thought that life was just too comfortable...一想到生活太过舒适了，我内心就很痛苦。
He pushed the thought from his mind...他抛开心头这个想法。I've just had a thought.我刚刚有了个主意。

3.N-PLURAL	复数名词  心思;思想 A person's thoughts are their mind, or all the ideas in their mind when they are concentrating on one particular thing. 
  【搭配模式】：usu poss N

I jumped to my feet so my thoughts wouldn't start to wander...我跳起来，免得走神。
Usually at this time our thoughts are on Christmas...通常在这种时候，我们的心思全放在了圣诞节上。
If he wasn't there physically, he was always in her thoughts.就算他人不在那儿，他也总在她的心里。

4.N-PLURAL	复数名词  (关于具体问题的)观点，看法 A person's thoughts are their opinions on a particular subject. 
  【搭配模式】：oft poss N

Many of you have written to us to express your thoughts on the conflict...你们中有许多人给我们来信，表达对冲突的看法。
Mr Goodman, do you have any thoughts on that?古德曼先生，那个问题你怎么看？

5.N-UNCOUNT	不可数名词  斟酌;沉思 Thought is the activity of thinking, especially deeply, carefully, or logically. 

Alice had been so deep in thought that she had walked past her car without even seeing it...艾丽斯考虑问题入了神，连走过自己的车都没看见。
He had given some thought to what she had told him...他认真考虑了她对他说过的话。
After much thought I decided to end my marriage.经过慎重考虑，我决定结束我的婚姻。...the differences between his thought processes and ours.他的思维过程和我们的思维过程之间的区别

6.N-COUNT	可数名词  意图;希望;理由 A thought is an intention, hope, or reason for doing something. 
  【搭配模式】：oft N of n

Sarah's first thought was to run back and get Max...萨拉首先想到的就是跑回去把马克斯叫来。
They had no thought of surrender...他们没有想过要投降。
Morris has now banished all thoughts of retirement.莫里斯现在已经打消了退休的所有念头。

7.N-SING	单数名词  关心，善意，帮助(尤用于感谢或表达钦佩之情) A thought is an act of kindness or an offer of help; used especially when you are thanking someone, or expressing admiration of someone. 
  【搭配模式】：with supp

'Would you like to move into the ward?' — 'A kind thought, but no, thank you.'“你想不想挪到病房里来？”——“哦，您太好心了，不用了，谢谢。”
'She has given them this seven hundred pounds.' — 'What a lovely thought.'“她给了他们这 700 英镑。”——“太慷慨了。”

8.N-UNCOUNT	不可数名词  (宗教、哲学、科学、政党等的)思想体系，观念体系 Thought is the group of ideas and beliefs which belongs, for example, to a particular religion, philosophy, science, or political party. 

Aristotle's scientific theories dominated Western thought for fifteen hundred years...亚里士多德的科学理论统治了西方思想达 1,500 年。
This school of thought argues that depression is best treated by drugs.这一学派主张抑郁症最好用药物治疗。

9. See also: second thought;   


——————————————
★☆☆   thoughtful ●●○○○

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  沉思的;默想的;认真思考的 If you are thoughtful, you are quiet and serious because you are thinking about something. 

Nancy, who had been thoughtful for some time, suddenly spoke...南希沉思了一会儿，突然开口说话了。
He was looking very thoughtful...他似乎在静静思考着什么。
She had a thoughtful expression on her face.她一脸若有所思的表情。thoughtfully

Daniel nodded thoughtfully.丹尼尔若有所思地点了点头。

2.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  体贴入微的;考虑周到的 If you describe someone as thoughtful, you approve of them because they remember what other people want, need, or feel, and try not to upset them. 
  【搭配模式】：oft ADJ of n
  【语用信息】：approval

...a thoughtful and caring man...体贴入微、关心他人的男人
Thank you. That's very thoughtful of you...谢谢你，你想的真周到。
It was a very kind and thoughtful gesture.这真是十分友好体贴的举动。thoughtfully

...the bottle of wine he had thoughtfully purchased for the celebrations.他特地为庆祝活动买的那瓶葡萄酒thoughtfulness

I can't tell you how much I appreciate your thoughtfulness.非常感谢您的体贴入微，我真的无以言表。

3.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (书籍、电影、讲话等)严肃的，思想性强的 If you describe something such as a book, film, or speech as thoughtful, you mean that it is serious and well thought out. 

...a thoughtful and scholarly book.一本兼具思想性和学术性的书thoughtfully

...these thoughtfully designed machines.这些精心设计的机器


——————————————
★☆☆   thoughtless

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  不顾及他人的;欠考虑的 If you describe someone as thoughtless, you are critical of them because they forget or ignore other people's wants, needs, or feelings. 
  【语用信息】：disapproval

...a small minority of thoughtless and inconsiderate people...一小群只顾自己、不顾别人的人
It was thoughtless of her to mention it...她提起这事有些欠考虑。
It was just a thoughtless remark.那不过是一句欠考虑的话。thoughtlessly

They thoughtlessly planned a picnic without him...他们太粗心，安排野餐竟然没有带上他。
Nobody is perfect, and everyone acts thoughtlessly on occasion.人无完人，谁都难保不偶尔疏忽一次。thoughtlessness

What women mistake as thoughtlessness is often just diffidence.女性误以为是考虑不周的事情往往只是缺乏自信。


——————————————
★☆☆   thought-provoking

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (书籍、电影等)发人深省的，引人深思的 If something such as a book or a film is thought-provoking, it contains interesting ideas that make people think seriously. 

This is an entertaining yet thought-provoking film.这部电影令人捧腹，却又发人深省。


——————————————
★☆☆   thousand ●●●●●
The plural form is thousand after a number, or after a word or expression referring to a number, such as ‘several’ or ‘a few’. 用在数字以及 several，a few 等表示数量的词或短语之后时，thousand 的复数形式不变。

1.NUM	数词  (数字) 1,000 A thousand or one thousand is the number 1,000. 
  【搭配模式】：usu a/num NUM

...five thousand acres...5,000 英亩
Visitors can expect to pay about a thousand pounds a day.游客每天大概要支付 1,000 英镑。

2.QUANT	数量词  数千;成千上万 If you refer to thousands of things or people, you are emphasizing that there are very many of them. 
  【搭配模式】：QUANT of pl-n
  【语用信息】：emphasis

Thousands of refugees are packed into overcrowded towns and villages...成千上万的难民涌入拥挤不堪的城镇和村庄。
I must have driven past that place thousands of times.我得有上千次开车经过那里。You can also use thousands as a pronoun.  

Hundreds have been killed in the fighting and thousands made homeless.数百人在战斗中丧生，数千人无家可归。

3.   a thousand and one→see: one; 


——————————————
★☆☆   thousandth

1.ORD	序数词  第一千 The thousandth item in a series is the one that you count as number one thousand. 
  【语用信息】：emphasis

The magazine has just published its six thousandth edition.这本杂志刚刚出版了第 6,000 期。If you say that something has happened for the thousandth time, you are emphasizing that it has happened again and that it has already happened a great many times.  第一千(强调某事发生次数之多)

The phone rings for the thousandth time.电话都响了一千次了。

2.FRACTION	分数词  千分之一 A thousandth is one of a thousand equal parts of something. 

...a dust particle weighing only a thousandth of a gram.重量仅有千分之一克的灰尘微粒


——————————————
★☆☆   thrall

1.N-UNCOUNT	不可数名词  控制;奴役;束缚 If you say that someone is in thrall to a person or thing, you mean that they are completely in their power or are greatly influenced by them. 
  【搭配模式】：oft in N to n
  【语域标签】：FORMAL 正式

He is not in thrall to the media...他不受制于媒体。
Tomorrow's children will be even more in the thrall of the silicon chip.将来硅片对孩子们的影响将进一步加深。


——————————————
★☆☆   thrash ●○○○○

1.VERB	动词  (在比赛、竞赛中)轻松击败，以大比分战胜 If one player or team thrashes another in a game or contest, they defeat them easily or by a large score. 
  【语法信息】：V n amount
  【语法信息】：Also V n
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

Second-placed Rangers thrashed St Johnstone 5-nil.排名第二的流浪者队以 5: 0 大胜圣约翰斯通队。

2.VERB	动词  (作为惩罚)连续击打，接连殴打，痛打 If you thrash someone, you hit them several times as a punishment. 
  【语法信息】：V n

'Liar!' Sarah screamed, as she thrashed the child. 'You stole it.'“叫你撒谎！”萨拉一边揍着孩子，一边尖叫道，“就是你偷的。”

3.V-ERG	及物/不及物动词  猛烈摆动;翻来覆去;剧烈扭动(四肢) If someone thrashes about, or thrashes their arms or legs about, they move in a wild or violent way, often hitting against something. You can also say that someone's arms or legs thrash about . 
  【语法信息】：V adv/prep
  【语法信息】：V n adv/prep

Many of the crew died a terrible death as they thrashed about in shark-infested waters...很多船员在鲨鱼成群的水域中拼命挣扎，死状惨不忍睹。
...dreams so vivid that I thrash inside my sleeping bag and cry out...梦境太逼真了，我在睡袋里翻来滚去，喊出了声
Jimmy collapsed on the floor, thrashing his legs about like an injured racehorse.吉米瘫倒在地板上，像匹受伤的赛马一样拼命踢蹬着双腿。

4.VERB	动词  连续击打;猛烈抽打 If a person or thing thrashes something, or thrashes at something, they hit it continually in a violent or noisy way. 
  【语法信息】：V n
  【语法信息】：V at n

...a magnificent paddle-steamer on the mighty Mississippi, her huge wheel thrashing the muddy water...广阔的密西西比河上行驶着一艘豪华庞大的明轮船，她巨大的轮子拍打着浑浊的河水
Three shaggy-haired men thrash tunelessly at their guitars.3 个头发蓬乱的男人没腔没调地乱弹着吉他。Thrash is also a noun.  

...the thrash of the horses' hooves.马蹄的猛烈踢蹬

5.N-COUNT	可数名词  派对;聚会 A thrash is a party. 
  【语域标签】：BRIT 英
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

Harry always invited Charlie when he threw a thrash in his office.哈里在办公室开派对时总不忘叫上查利。

6. See also: thrashing;   相关词组：thrash out 


——————————————
★☆☆   thrashing ●○○○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  (运动员、运动队的)遭痛打，大败，惨败 If one player or team gives another one a thrashing, they defeat them easily or by a large score. 
  【搭配模式】：usu with supp
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

Can the New Zealand bowlers fight back after their thrashing at Christchurch?在克赖斯特彻奇遭遇惨败后，新西兰的投球手们还有还手之力吗？
...a school renowned for handing out 10-goal thrashings in association football.以在足球赛中多次踢进 10 球大获全胜而闻名的学校

2.N-COUNT	可数名词  (作为惩罚的)连续击打，接连殴打，痛打 If someone gives someone else a thrashing, they hit them several times as a punishment. 

If Sarah caught her, she would get a thrashing.萨拉要是捉住她，会狠狠揍她一顿的。

3. See also: thrash;   


——————————————
★☆☆   thrash out

1.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  经反复讨论制订出(计划、协议) If people thrash out something such as a plan or an agreement, they decide on it after a great deal of discussion. 
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)
  【语法信息】：Also V n P

The foreign ministers have thrashed out a suitable compromise formula...外交部长们经过反复讨论，已经制订出合适的折中方案。
How foreign fund-managers will be compensated has yet to be thrashed out.如何对外资管理者进行补偿还有待磋商。

2.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  讨论解决，商讨解决(问题、争端) If people thrash out a problem or a dispute, they discuss it thoroughly until they reach an agreement. 
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)
  【语法信息】：Also V n P

...a sincere effort by two people to thrash out differences about which they have strong feelings.两个人为解决双方的严重分歧而作出的真诚努力


——————————————
★☆☆   thread ●●○○○

1.N-VAR	可变名词  (尤指用于缝纫的)细线，细丝 Thread or a thread is a long very thin piece of a material such as cotton, nylon, or silk, especially one that is used in sewing. 

This time I'll do it properly with a needle and thread.这次，我要用针线将它缝好。
...a tiny Nepalese hat embroidered with golden threads.带有金丝线刺绣的尼泊尔小帽

2.N-COUNT	可数名词  主线;思路;脉络 The thread of an argument, a story, or a situation is an aspect of it that connects all the different parts together. 
  【搭配模式】：usu with supp

The thread running through many of these proposals was the theme of individual power and opportunity...贯穿这许多提案的主线是个人权力和机遇这一主题。
All religions are united by the common threads of fighting evil and helping others...所有宗教都因为惩恶助人这一共同主题而联合起来。
The possible consequences so filled his mind that he lost the thread of Wan Da's narrative.他脑子里充满了各种可能的结局，结果跟不上万达的叙述。

3.N-COUNT	可数名词  线状物;一线 A thread of something such as liquid, light, or colour is a long thin line or piece of it. 
  【搭配模式】：usu N of n

A thin, glistening thread of moisture ran along the rough concrete sill.在粗糙不平的水泥窗台上有一条细细的发光水印。
...Venetian glass decorated with embedded threads of white.镶嵌有白色线条的彩色装饰玻璃
...a corpulent man with threads of black hair plastered across his brow.几缕黑发紧贴额头的肥胖男子

4.N-PLURAL	复数名词  衣服 You can refer to clothes as threads . 
  【语域标签】：mainly AM 主美
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

...a cheap place to pick up natty threads.能买到既整洁时髦而又便宜的衣服的去处

5.N-COUNT	可数名词  螺纹 The thread on a screw, or on something such as a lid or a pipe, is the raised spiral line of metal or plastic around it which allows it to be fixed in place by twisting. 

The screw threads will be able to get a good grip.螺纹能牢牢地咬合卡紧。

6.VERB	动词  穿行;曲折穿过;蜿蜒 If you thread your way through a group of people or things, or thread through it, you move through it carefully or slowly, changing direction frequently as you move. 
  【语法信息】：V way prep/adv
  【语法信息】：V prep

Slowly she threaded her way back through the moving mass of bodies...她从人流中慢慢地挤了回来。
...threading our way past little boats...我们在小船中间蜿蜒穿行
We threaded through a network of back streets.我们在蜘蛛网似的偏僻街道中七拐八拐地穿行。

7.VERB	动词  使(细长的物体)穿过;使穿进 If you thread a long thin object through something, you pass it through one or more holes or narrow spaces. 
  【语法信息】：V n through n
  【语法信息】：V n into n

...threading the laces through the eyelets of his shoes...把鞋带穿进他的鞋眼
Air ducts and electrical cables were threaded through the complex structure...通风管和电缆在这幢结构复杂的建筑物中穿过。
Instruments developed at the hospital allow doctors to thread microscopic telescopes into the digestive tract.医院开发研制的仪器使医生们得以将显微内镜伸入消化道。

8.VERB	动词  将(珠子等)穿起来 If you thread small objects such as beads onto a string or thread, you join them together by pushing the string through them. 
  【语法信息】：V n prep

Wipe the mushrooms clean and thread them on a string.把这些蘑菇擦干净，然后用线穿起来。

9.VERB	动词  穿(针) When you thread a needle, you put a piece of thread through the hole in the top of the needle in order to sew with it. 
  【语法信息】：V n

I sit down, thread a needle, snip off an old button.我坐下来，穿好针，剪下一枚旧纽扣。

10.PHRASE	短语  千钧一发;岌岌可危 If you say that something is hanging by a thread, you mean that it is in a very uncertain state and is unlikely to survive or succeed. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects

The fragile peace was hanging by a thread as thousands of hardliners took to the streets.成千上万的强硬派分子走上街头示威，脆弱的和平局势危在旦夕。

11.PHRASE	短语  (活动中断后)继续下去/(经历失败、霉运后)恢复生机 If you pick up the threads of an activity, you start it again after an interruption. If you pick up the threads of your life, you become more active again after a period of failure or bad luck. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects

Many women have been able to pick up the threads of their former career.许多女性得以重操旧业。


——————————————
★☆☆   threadbare

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (衣服、地毯等)破旧的，磨薄的，陈旧的 Threadbare clothes, carpets, and other pieces of cloth look old, dull, and very thin, because they have been worn or used too much. 

She sat cross-legged on a square of threadbare carpet.她盘腿坐在一块破旧的方形地毯上。

2.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (活动、想法、论点)无力的，不充分的，陈旧乏味的 If you describe an activity, an idea, or an argument as threadbare, you mean that it is very weak, or inadequate, or old and no longer interesting. 

...the government's threadbare domestic policies.政府陈腐的国内政策


——————————————
★☆☆   threat ●●●●○

1.N-VAR	可变名词  构成威胁的人(或事物);祸根 A threat to a person or thing is a danger that something unpleasant might happen to them. A threat is also the cause of this danger. 
  【搭配模式】：with supp

Some couples see single women as a threat to their relationships...有些夫妇把单身女人看成是对他们婚姻的威胁。
The Hurricane Center warns people not to take the threat of tropical storms lightly...飓风中心警告人们，不要对热带风暴的危险掉以轻心。
All countries in the region had the right to protect themselves against external threat.该地区的所有国家都有权保护本国免受外来威胁。

2.N-COUNT	可数名词  威胁;恐吓 A threat is a statement by someone that they will do something unpleasant, especially if you do not do what they want. 
  【搭配模式】：usu with supp

He may be forced to carry out his threat to resign...他也许会被迫把自己的辞职威胁付诸行动。
The priest remains in hiding after threats by former officials of the ousted dictatorship...受到被驱逐下台的独裁政府官员的威胁后，那个牧师一直藏匿不出。
The last journalist to interview him received a death threat...上次去采访他的记者受到了死亡恐吓。

3.PHRASE	短语  受到威胁 If a person or thing is under threat, there is a danger that something unpleasant might be done to them, or that they might cease to exist. 
  【搭配模式】：oft PHR of/from n

His position as leader will be under threat at a party congress due next month...在定于下月举行的党代表大会上，他的领导地位将受到威胁。
She lives daily under threat of violence...她每天都生活在暴力威胁之下。
Even the most security-conscious computer user is under constant threat from computer viruses.即使是有强烈安全意识的计算机用户也时刻处于计算机病毒入侵的威胁下。Britain's rarest breeding birds are under threat from fanatical and selfish egg collectors.英国最珍贵的种鸟正因为那些狂热而自私的鸟蛋收集者而面临着威胁。


——————————————
★☆☆   threaten ●●●●○

1.VERB	动词  威胁;恐吓 If a person threatens to do something unpleasant to you, or if they threaten you, they say or imply that they will do something unpleasant to you, especially if you do not do what they want. 
  【语法信息】：V to-inf
  【语法信息】：V n with n
  【语法信息】：V n
  【语法信息】：Also V that

He said army officers had threatened to destroy the town...他说陆军军官们曾威胁要摧毁那座小镇。
He tied her up and threatened her with a six-inch knife...他把她捆起来，拿着一把 6 英寸长的刀子威胁她。
If you threaten me or use any force, I shall inform the police.你要是威胁我或是动武，我就报警。

2.VERB	动词  危害到;威胁到 If something or someone threatens a person or thing, they are likely to harm that person or thing. 
  【语法信息】：V n
  【语法信息】：be V-ed with n

The newcomers directly threaten the livelihood of the established workers...新来的工人直接威胁到老工人的饭碗。
The unity of our society is threatened by troublesome and restless minorities...我们社会的团结遭到了一小撮滋扰生事、不安分守己的群体的威胁。
30 percent of reptiles, birds, and fish are currently threatened with extinction.目前，30% 的爬行动物、鸟类和鱼类面临灭绝的危险。

3.VERB	动词  (坏事)可能发生，将要发生 If something unpleasant threatens to happen, it seems likely to happen. 
  【语法信息】：V to-inf
  【语法信息】：V

The fighting is threatening to turn into full-scale war...这场战斗有可能会演变为全面的战争。
Plants must be covered with a leaf-mould or similarly protected if frost threatens.如果霜冻来临，植物必须盖上腐叶土或用类似方法加以保护。

4. See also: threatened;threatening;   


——————————————
★☆☆   threatened ●○○○○

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词 See also: threaten;  受到威胁的;感到危险的 If you feel threatened, you feel as if someone is trying to harm you. 
  【搭配模式】：v-link ADJ

Anger is the natural reaction we experience when we feel threatened or frustrated...我们感觉受到威胁或遭遇挫折时，生气是正常反应。
The survey found that 4 per cent of people felt threatened by the sight of beggars.调查发现，4% 的人看见乞丐时会觉得危险。


——————————————
★☆☆   threatening ●●●○○

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (行为)有威胁性的，危险的 You can describe someone's behaviour as threatening when you think that they are trying to harm you. 
  【搭配模式】：usu ADJ n

The police could have charged them with threatening behaviour...警方本可指控他们恐吓。
She said Denny had received a threatening letter and asked me if I sent it.她说丹尼收到一封恐吓信，并问是不是我寄的。threateningly See also: threaten;life-threatening;   

'This ain't no affair of yours, boy!' McClosky said threateningly.“小子，这不关你的事！”麦克洛斯基威胁道。


——————————————
★☆☆   three ●●●●●

1.NUM	数词  (数字) 3 Three is the number 3. 

We waited three months before going back to see the specialist.我们等了 3 个月才回去见那位专家。


——————————————
★☆☆   three-cornered

1.ADJ	形容词  (争端、竞赛、比赛等)三角的，三人的，三方的 If you describe something such as a disagreement, competition, or game as three-cornered, you mean that it involves three people, groups, or teams. 
  【搭配模式】：usu ADJ n
  【语域标签】：mainly BRIT 主英

...the three-cornered struggle between employers and male and female workers.雇主、男员工和女员工之间的三角纠纷
...a three-cornered contest.三方竞赛


——————————————
★☆☆   three-dimensional ●○○○○

1.ADJ	形容词  三维的(缩略形式为 3-D) A three-dimensional object is solid rather than flat, because it can be measured in three different directions, usually the height, length, and width. The abbreviation 3-D can also be used. 

...a three-dimensional model.三维模型
...the three-dimensional structure of DNA.DNA 的三维结构

2.ADJ	形容词  (照片、图像、电影)三维的，有立体感的(缩略形式为 3-D) A three-dimensional picture, image, or film looks as though it is deep or solid rather than flat. The abbreviation 3-D can also be used. 

...new software, which generates both two-dimensional drawings and three-dimensional images.既能制作二维图形、又能制作三维图像的新软件
...three dimensional pictures created by lasers.激光制作的立体图画

3.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (虚构的人物)栩栩如生的，逼真的，鲜活的 If you describe fictional characters as three-dimensional you mean that they seem real and natural. 
  【语用信息】：approval

She emerges as a full, three-dimensional character in a way that few horror genre heroines ever do.她作为一个丰满而又鲜活的人物形象展现在读者面前，之前的恐怖体裁作品中，很少有女主人公给人这种感觉。

4.ADJ	形容词  (艺术、设计)立体的(缩略形式为 3-D) Three-dimensional art or design is produced by carving or shaping stone, wood, clay, or other materials. The abbreviation 3-D can also be used. 
  【搭配模式】：ADJ n

...a degree in three-dimensional art.立体艺术专业学位


——————————————
★☆☆   three-fourths

1.QUANT	数量词  四分之三(美国英语) In American English, people sometimes use three-fourths to mean three-quarters . 
  【搭配模式】：QUANT of n

Three-fourths of the apartments in the ghetto had no heat...贫民区有 3/4 的公寓没有暖气。
Government expenditures absorbed nearly three-fourths of the national income.政府开支耗费了将近 3/4 的国民收入。Three-fourths is also a pronoun.  

He has just under 1,600 delegates, about three-fourths what he needs to win the Democratic presidential nomination.支持他的代表数接近 1,600 人，约占他要赢得民主党总统候选人提名所需票数的 3/4。


——————————————
★☆☆   three-line whip

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  (要求某政党议员参加议会并按照要求就某议题投票的)紧急指令 A three-line whip is a situation where the MPs in a political party are ordered to attend parliament and vote in a particular way on a particular issue. 
  【语域标签】：BRIT 英


——————————————
★☆☆   three-piece

1.ADJ	形容词  (衣服)三件套的(通常包括男式上衣、马甲和裤子) A three-piece suit is a set of three pieces of matching clothing, usually a man's jacket, waistcoat, and trousers. 
  【搭配模式】：ADJ n

2.ADJ	形容词  (沙发)三件套的 A three-piece suite is a sofa and two matching armchairs. 
  【搭配模式】：ADJ n
  【语域标签】：mainly BRIT 主英


——————————————
★☆☆   three-point turn

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  三点转向(指司机先向前转向，再向后转向，然后向前开的转向方法) When the driver of a vehicle does a three-point turn, he or she turns the vehicle by driving forwards in a curve, then backwards in a curve, and then forwards in a curve. 


——————————————
★☆☆   three-quarter ●○○○○

1.ADJ	形容词  (正常尺寸、标准量度的)四分之三的 You can use three-quarter to describe something which is three fourths of the usual size or three fourths of a standard measurement. 
  【搭配模式】：ADJ n

Choose short or three-quarter sleeves for summer.夏天穿短袖或七分袖的衣服。
...a session which lasted one and three-quarter hours.持续 1 小时 45 分钟的会议
...three-quarter length coats...七分长大衣There was a three-quarter moon tonight.今晚是凸月。


——————————————
★☆☆   three quarter
——————————————
★☆☆   three-quarters ●●○○○

1.QUANT	数量词  四分之三 Three-quarters is an amount that is three out of four equal parts of something. 
  【搭配模式】：QUANT of n
  【搭配模式】：ADV adj/-ed

Three-quarters of the country's workers took part in the strike...该国有 3/4 的工人参加了这次罢工。
It took him about three-quarters of an hour.那花了他大概 45 分钟。Three-quarters is also a pronoun.  

Road deaths have increased by three-quarters...交通事故死亡人数增加了 3/4。I'm 29 and three-quarters.我 29 岁零 9 个月。Three-quarters is also an adverb.  

We were left with an open bottle of champagne three-quarters full...给我们留下一瓶打开的香槟酒，里面的酒还有3/4。Remove the vegetables from the steamer when they are three-quarters cooked.将蔬菜蒸至大半熟后从蒸锅里捞出。


——————————————
★☆☆   three quarters
——————————————
★☆☆   three Rs

1.N-PLURAL	复数名词  (儿童必须掌握的) 三R 技能，读写算技能 When talking about children's education, the three Rs are the basic skills of reading, writing, and arithmetic. 
  【搭配模式】：the N

...ministers who want teachers to concentrate on the three Rs.希望老师集中精力培养学生读写算技能的部长们


——————————————
★☆☆   threesome

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  三人一组 A threesome is a group of three people. 


——————————————
★☆☆   three-wheeler

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  脚踏三轮车;三轮汽车 A three-wheeler is a bicycle or car with three wheels. 


——————————————
★☆☆   thresh

1.VERB	动词  给(玉米、小麦、水稻等)脱粒;打谷 When a cereal such as corn, wheat, or rice is threshed, it is beaten in order to separate the grains from the rest of the plant. 
  【语法信息】：be V-ed
  【语法信息】：Also V
  【搭配模式】：usu passive

The corn was still sown, cut and threshed as it was a hundred years ago.玉米的播种、收割、脱粒方法还和一百年前一样。threshing

Spring and summer are taken up by the reaping of hay and the threshing of corn.春天和夏天的时间全都在收割干草和给谷物脱粒。
...a threshing machine.脱粒机


——————————————
★☆☆   threshold ●●○○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  门槛;门口 The threshold of a building or room is the floor in the doorway, or the doorway itself. 
  【搭配模式】：usu sing

He stopped at the threshold of the bedroom...他在卧室门口停住了。
The bride was carried over the threshold.新娘被抱进了家门。

2.N-COUNT	可数名词  (某事发生或改变的)界限，阈，起始点 A threshold is an amount, level, or limit on a scale. When the threshold is reached, something else happens or changes. 
  【搭配模式】：usu with supp

She has a low threshold of boredom and needs the constant stimulation of physical activity...她容易厌倦，需要时常进行活动来刺激一下。
The consensus has clearly shifted in favour of raising the nuclear threshold...显然大家已普遍开始转向支持提高核武器使用的门槛了。
Fewer than forty per cent voted — the threshold for results to be valid.投票的人不到 40%——投票结果无效。

3.PHRASE	短语  在…开端;将要经历;面临着 If you are on the threshold of something exciting or new, you are about to experience it. 
  【搭配模式】：PHR n/-ing

We are on the threshold of a new era in astronomy.我们很快就将迎来天文学的新纪元。
...a lovely girl on the threshold of growing up.眼看就要长大成人的可爱女孩


——————————————
★☆☆   threw

1.  Threw is the past tense of throw. 


——————————————
★☆☆   thrice

1.ADV	副词  三次 Something that happens thrice happens three times. 
  【搭配模式】：ADV with v
  【STYLE标签】：OLD-FASHIONED 过时

They should think not twice, but thrice, before ignoring such advice...对于这样的建议，他们应该反复考虑再决定是否拒绝。
She plays tennis thrice weekly.她每星期打 3 次网球。

2.ADV	副词  三倍 You can use thrice to indicate that something is three times the size, value, or intensity of something else. 
  【搭配模式】：ADV n
  【STYLE标签】：OLD-FASHIONED 过时

The metal had been valued at twice or thrice its current price.这种金属以前的估价是目前价格的两到三倍。
...moving at thrice the speed of sound.以 3 倍音速运动


——————————————
★☆☆   thrift ●●○○○

1.N-UNCOUNT	不可数名词  节俭;节省;节约 Thrift is the quality and practice of being careful with money and not wasting things. 
  【语用信息】：approval

They were rightly praised for their thrift and enterprise.他们勤俭节约，积极进取，得到了当之无愧的赞扬。

2.N-COUNT	可数名词  储蓄银行 A thrift or a thrift institution is a kind of savings bank. 
  【语域标签】：AM 美
  【FIELD标签】：BUSINESS 商


——————————————
★☆☆   thrift shop

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  (为慈善机构募捐而出售旧货的)廉价旧货店 A thrift shop or thrift store is a shop that sells used goods cheaply and gives its profits to a charity. 
  【语域标签】：AM 美in BRIT, use 英国英语用 charity shop


——————————————
★☆☆   thrifty

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  节俭的;节省的;节约的 If you say that someone is thrifty, you are praising them for saving money, not buying unnecessary things, and not wasting things. 
  【语用信息】：approval

My mother taught me to be thrifty.我妈妈教我生活要节俭。
...thrifty shoppers.花钱精打细算的购物者


——————————————
★☆☆   thrill ●●○○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  (突然而强烈的)激动，狂喜，恐惧 If something gives you a thrill, it gives you a sudden feeling of great excitement, pleasure, or fear. 
  【搭配模式】：usu sing

I can remember the thrill of not knowing what I would get on Christmas morning...我还记得自己不知道圣诞节早晨会得到什么礼物时内心有多么激动。
It's a great thrill for a cricket-lover like me to play at the home of cricket.对我这样的板球爱好者来说，能够在板球的故乡比赛是一件令人无比兴奋的事。
...the realization that new adventures, new thrills, and new worlds lie ahead.认识到前面有新的冒险，新的惊喜和新的世界

2.V-ERG	及物/不及物动词  (使)狂喜;(使)激动;(使)极度兴奋 If something thrills you, or if you thrill at it, it gives you a feeling of great pleasure and excitement. 
  【语法信息】：V n
  【语法信息】：V at/to n

The electric atmosphere both terrified and thrilled him...极度紧张的气氛让他既害怕又兴奋。
The children will thrill at all their favourite characters.孩子们看到所有那些他们最喜爱的人物形象会兴奋不已。

3. See also: thrilled;thrilling;   

4.PHRASE	短语  惊险刺激 If you refer to thrills and spills, you are referring to an experience which is exciting and full of surprises. 

Its prime audience lies in the 17 to 24 age group, and they want instant thrills and spills.它的主要观众的年龄集中在 17 岁到 24 岁之间，而这些人喜欢极速的惊险刺激。


——————————————
★☆☆   thrilled ●○○○○

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  欣喜若狂的;非常开心的 If someone is thrilled, they are extremely pleased about something. 
  【搭配模式】：v-link ADJ
  【搭配模式】：v-link PHR
  【语用信息】：emphasis

I was so thrilled to get a good report from him...收到他的好消息让我欣喜若狂。
Sue and John were especially thrilled with this award...休和约翰对于获得这个奖项感到兴奋不已。
I'm really thrilled that the public have taken to the song.看到大家喜欢上了这首歌，我真是太高兴了。If you say that someone is thrilled to bits, you are emphasizing the fact that they are extremely pleased about something. You can also say thrilled to pieces, especially in American English.  兴奋不已;非常愉快

I'm thrilled to bits to have won the cash...能赢得这笔钱，我高兴坏了。He's thrilled to bits at the news...听到那个消息，他激动不已。He just thoroughly enjoyed reading it with me and was thrilled to bits that it was his very own story.他非常喜欢和我一起读这个故事，而且因为描写的正是他自己而感到兴奋不已。

2. See also: thrill;   


——————————————
★☆☆   thriller ●●○○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  惊险小说(或电影、戏剧) A thriller is a book, film, or play that tells an exciting fictional story about something such as criminal activities or spying. 

...a tense psychological thriller.扣人心弦的心理惊悚片


——————————————
★☆☆   thrilling ●○○○○

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  扣人心弦的;激动人心的;引人入胜的 Something that is thrilling is very exciting and enjoyable. 

Our wildlife trips offer a thrilling encounter with wildlife in its natural state.野生动物园之旅使我们得以接触自然状态下的野生动物，让人感觉很刺激。thrillingly

Watson has a wonderful voice, with thrillingly clear top notes...沃森的嗓音美妙，高音嘹亮动听。
I have seen them play many times, but never as thrillingly and flawlessly as tonight.他们的演出我看过很多次，可从未有一次像今晚这样令人心醉，完美无缺。

2. See also: thrill;   


——————————————
★☆☆   thrive ●●○○○

1.VERB	动词  欣欣向荣;茁壮成长;兴旺发达 If someone or something thrives, they do well and are successful, healthy, or strong. 
  【语法信息】：V
  【语法信息】：V-ing

Today his company continues to thrive...今天，他的公司继续蓬勃发展。
Lavender thrives in poor soil.薰衣草在贫瘠的土壤中茁壮生长。
...the river's thriving population of kingfishers.那条河上不断繁衍的翠鸟群

2.VERB	动词  (尤指在别人觉得困难的时候)以…为乐，可以出色应对 If you say that someone thrives on a particular situation, you mean that they enjoy it or that they can deal with it very well, especially when other people find it unpleasant or difficult. 
  【语法信息】：V on n/-ing

Many people thrive on a stressful lifestyle...有许多人喜欢充满压力的生活方式。
Creative people are usually very determined and thrive on overcoming obstacles.富有创造力的人一般都意志非常坚定，能不断克服困难，事业蒸蒸日上。


——————————————
★☆☆   thro'
——————————————
★☆☆   thro
——————————————
★☆☆   throat ●●●○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  咽喉;喉咙;嗓子 Your throat is the back of your mouth and the top part of the tubes that go down into your stomach and your lungs. 
  【搭配模式】：oft poss N

She had a sore throat...她嗓子疼。
As she stared at him she felt her throat go dry.她盯着他看的时候，感觉自己的喉咙发干。

2.N-COUNT	可数名词  喉部;颈前部 Your throat is the front part of your neck. 
  【搭配模式】：oft poss N

His striped tie was loosened at his throat.他的条纹领带松松地挂在脖子上。

3.PHRASE	短语  清嗓子 If you clear your throat, you cough once in order to make it easier to speak or to attract people's attention. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects

Cross cleared his throat and spoke in low, polite tones.克罗斯清了清嗓子，开始有礼貌地低声说话。

4.PHRASE	短语  向…反复灌输;向…不断强调;迫使…接受 If you ram something down someone's throat or force it down their throat, you keep mentioning a situation or idea in order to make them accept it or believe it. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects

I've always been close to my dad but he's never rammed his career down my throat...我一直和爸爸很亲近，不过他从不强迫我继承他的事业。
I can't understand why we're trying to ram Shakespeare down their throats.我搞不懂我们为什么硬要他们学习莎士比亚的作品。

5.PHRASE	短语  激烈争吵;凶猛打斗 If two people or groups are at each other's throats, they are quarrelling or fighting violently with each other. 
  【搭配模式】：v-link PHR

The idea that Billy and I are at each other's throats couldn't be further from the truth.认为我和比利斗得你死我活的想法真是大错特错。

6.PHRASE	短语  使无法接受 If something sticks in your throat, you find it unacceptable. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects

What sticks in my throat is that I wasn't able to win the trophy...令我耿耿于怀的是自己没能获奖。
She wanted to ask if he had news of Keith, but the words stuck in her throat.她想问他有没有基思的消息，可是难以启齿。

7.   a lump in your throat→see: lump; 


——————————————
★☆☆   throaty

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (说话声或笑声)低沉的，沙哑的 A throaty voice or laugh is low and rather rough. 


——————————————
★☆☆   throb ●○○○○

1.VERB	动词  (身体局部)抽动，阵痛 If part of your body throbs, you feel a series of strong and usually painful beats there. 
  【语法信息】：V
  【语法信息】：V with n
  【语法信息】：V-ing

His head throbbed...他的头阵阵作痛。
Presently George's ankle began to throb with pain.不一会儿，乔治的脚踝就开始一阵阵地疼。
...the throbbing tooth whose pain had woken her.把她疼醒的阵阵牙痛Throb is also a noun.  

The bruise on his stomach ached with a steady throb.他腹部的擦伤一直阵阵作痛。

2.VERB	动词  震动作响;有规律地颤动 If something throbs, it vibrates and makes a steady noise. 
  【语法信息】：V
  【语法信息】：V with n
  【STYLE标签】：LITERARY 文

The engines throbbed...发动机轰隆隆地震动着。
The music throbbed hypnotically...音乐咚咚作响，叫人昏昏欲睡。
The gardens blazed with colour and throbbed with birdsong.花园里万紫千红，鸟鸣嘤嘤。Throb is also a noun.  

Jake's head jerked up at the throb of the engine.听到发动机的轰鸣声，杰克猛地抬起了头。


——————————————
★☆☆   throes ●○○○○

1.N-PLURAL	复数名词  (尤指最后阶段的)困境,痛苦 If someone is experiencing something very unpleasant or emotionally painful, you can say that they are in the throes of it, especially when it is in its final stages. 
  【搭配模式】：usu prep N
  【语域标签】：FORMAL 正式

...when the country was going through the final throes of civil war.当时这个国家正处在内战最后的痛苦关头
...the agonising throes of transition.过渡时期的煎熬

2.PREP-PHRASE	短语介词  正忙于…;处于…困境之中 If you are in the throes of doing or experiencing something, especially something difficult, you are busy doing it or are deeply involved in it. 
  【语域标签】：FORMAL 正式

The country is in the throes of a general election...该国正忙于大选。
Despite being in the throes of school exams, Tamsin made the long trek from Liverpool.虽然还要忙着准备学校的考试，塔姆辛还是完成了从利物浦出发的漫长而艰辛的跋涉。

3. See also: death throes;   


——————————————
★☆☆   thrombosis

1.N-VAR	可变名词 See also: coronary thrombosis;deep vein thrombosis;  血栓形成 Thrombosis is the formation of a blood clot in a person's heart or in one of their blood vessels, which can cause death. 
  【FIELD标签】：MEDICAL 医

It is generally accepted that thinning of the blood reduces the chances of thrombosis.一般认为，稀释血液可降低血栓形成的可能性。
...a lady with a thrombosis in her lung.肺部有血栓的女士


——————————————
★☆☆   throne ●●○○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  (君王的)宝座，御座 A throne is a decorative chair used by a king, queen, or emperor on important official occasions. 

2.N-SING	单数名词  王位;皇位 You can talk about the throne as a way of referring to the position of being king, queen, or emperor. 
  【搭配模式】：the N

...the Queen's 50th anniversary on the throne.女王登基 50 周年纪念日
...the heir to the throne.王位继承人


——————————————
★☆☆   throng ●○○○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  一大群人;人群 A throng is a large crowd of people. 
  【STYLE标签】：LITERARY 文

An official pushed through the throng.一名官员费力地挤过人群。

2.VERB	动词  (人群)涌向，蜂拥 When people throng somewhere, they go there in great numbers. 
  【语法信息】：V to/into/around n
  【STYLE标签】：LITERARY 文

The crowds thronged into the mall.人群涌进大厅。
...the multitudes that throng around the Pope.拥在教皇周围的教众甚多

3.VERB	动词  挤满;群集 If people throng a place, they are present there in great numbers. 
  【语法信息】：V n

They throng the beaches between late June and early August.6 月底到 8 月初，他们群聚在海滩上。thronged

The streets are thronged with people.街上挤满了人。


——————————————
★☆☆   throttle ●○○○○

1.VERB	动词  掐死;勒死;掐住…的脖子;使窒息 To throttle someone means to kill or injure them by squeezing their throat or tightening something around it and preventing them from breathing. 
  【语法信息】：V n

The attacker then tried to throttle her with wire...然后袭击者企图用电线勒死她。
He throttled her and hid her body.他掐死她后把她的尸体藏了起来。

2.VERB	动词  阻挡;阻碍;压制;扼杀 If you say that something or someone is throttling a process, institution, or group, you mean that they are restricting it severely or destroying it. 
  【语法信息】：V n

He said the overvaluation of sterling was throttling industry.他认为英镑价值过高阻碍了工业发展。

3.N-COUNT	可数名词  (汽车、飞机的)节流阀，油门杆，油门踏板 The throttle of a motor vehicle or aircraft is the device, lever, or pedal that controls the quantity of fuel entering the engine and is used to control the vehicle's speed. 

He gently opened the throttle, and the ship began to ease forward...他轻轻松开油门杆，轮船开始缓缓前行。
You have to push the throttle forward for more power.你得把油门杆往前推来加大马力。

4.N-UNCOUNT	不可数名词  功率;马力 Throttle is the power that is obtained by using a throttle. 

...motor bikes revving at full throttle.全速行驶的摩托车
...a little more throttle.马力再大点

5.PHRASE	短语  全速地;满怀热情地 If you say that something is done at full throttle, you mean that it is done with great speed and enthusiasm. 
  【搭配模式】：PHR after v

He lived his life at full throttle.他过着激情四射的生活。相关词组：throttle back 


——————————————
★☆☆   throttle back

1.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  减速;调节油门使减速 If you throttle back, or you throttle back the engine, when driving a motor vehicle or flying an aircraft, you make it go slower by reducing the quantity of fuel entering the engine. 
  【语法信息】：V P
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)

The pilot throttles back slightly to maintain level flight...飞行员稍稍减速，以保持水平飞行。
He stepped swiftly to the controls to throttle back the engine.他快步来到控制台跟前，减小了油门。


——————————————
★☆☆   through ●●●●●
In addition to the uses shown below, through is used in phrasal verbs such as ‘see through’, ‘think through’, and ‘win through’.除下列用法外，through 还可用于 see through，think through，win through 等动词短语中。The preposition is pronounced /θruː/. In other cases, through is pronounced /'θruː/. 介词读作 /θruː/，其他情况下在句中作重读。

1.PREP	介词  穿过,通过(洞、口子、管道等);从…的一端到另一端 To move through something such as a hole, opening, or pipe means to move directly from one side or end of it to the other. 
  【搭配模式】：ADV after v

The theatre was evacuated when rain poured through the roof at the Liverpool Playhouse...雨从利物浦剧院的屋顶倾泻而入，剧院的观众被疏散了。
Go straight through that door under the EXIT sign...从“安全出口”标志下的那道门直穿过去。
Visitors enter through a side entrance...游客从侧门进入。The main path continues through a tunnel of trees.主路继续延伸，穿过了树枝遮顶的林阴道。Through is also an adverb.  

He went straight through to the kitchen and took a can of beer from the fridge...他径直来到厨房，从冰箱里取出一罐啤酒。She opened the door and stood back to allow the man to pass through.她打开门，退后一步让那名男子进去。

2.PREP	介词  (切)开;(割)断;(凿)穿 To cut through something means to cut it in two pieces or to make a hole in it. 

Use a proper fish knife and fork if possible as they are designed to cut through the flesh but not the bones...如果可能的话，选用正规的吃鱼刀叉，因为它们是专门设计来切开鱼肉而又不会切断鱼骨的。
Rabbits still manage to find a way in. I am sure that some have even taken to gnawing through the metal.兔子还是找到办法进去了。我敢断定，有些兔子甚至已经用上了咬断金属的办法。Through is also an adverb.  

Score lightly at first and then repeat, scoring deeper each time until the board is cut through.先轻轻地划一道痕，然后再反复划，每次划得深一点，直到木板被割断。

3.PREP	介词  穿过，通过(城市、地区、国家);遍及 To go through a town, area, or country means to travel across it or in it. 

Go up to Ramsgate, cross into France, go through Andorra and into Spain.北行至拉姆斯盖特，然后横跨法国，穿过安多拉，进入西班牙。
...travelling through pathless woods...在人迹罕至的树林中穿行
The couple set off in August from Morocco, drove through the Sahara, visited Nigeria and were heading for Zimbabwe.那对夫妇 8 月从摩洛哥出发，驱车穿过撒哈拉大沙漠，游览了尼日利亚，正向津巴布韦进发。...and Sue Cook takes her family on a motoring trip through Cornwall.而且休·库克开车带着家人在康沃尔兜了一圈Through is also an adverb.  

Few know that the tribe was just passing through.很少有人知道那个部族只是路过。

4.PREP	介词  在…之间;在…之中 If you move through a group of things or a mass of something, it is on either side of you or all around you. 

We made our way through the crowd to the river...我们挤过人群，来到河边。
Sybil's fingers ran through the water...西比尔的手指在水中划来划去。
Nancy kept running, plunging through the sand...南希一直跑啊跑，穿过沙地。He hurried through the rain, to the patrol car.他冒着雨急匆匆地跑到巡逻车前。Through is also an adverb.  

He pushed his way through to the edge of the crowd where he waited.他一直挤到人群的边缘，然后就在那儿等着。

5.PREP	介词  跨越(障碍等) To get through a barrier or obstacle means to get from one side of it to the other. 

Allow twenty-five minutes to get through Passport Control and Customs...留出 25 分钟过护照检查处和海关。
He was one of the last of the crowd to pass through the barrier...他是那群人里最后一批跨越障碍的。
Traders generally travel safely through the border.商人通常可以安全通过边界。Through is also an adverb.  

...a maze of concrete and steel barriers, designed to prevent vehicles driving straight through.专为防止车辆直行通过而设计的迷宫似的钢筋混凝土障碍物

6.PREP	介词  闯过，硬闯(红灯) If a driver goes through a red light, they keep driving even though they should stop. 

He was killed at a road junction by a van driver who went through a red light...他在交叉路口被一辆闯红灯的小货车撞死了。
We drove through red traffic lights, the horn blaring.我们鸣着喇叭，闯过红灯。

7.PREP	介词  穿过，通过(某物内部) If something goes into an object and comes out of the other side, you can say that it passes through the object. 

The ends of the net pass through a wooden bar at each end...网的两端各穿过一根木棒。
Zita was herself unconventional, keeping a safety-pin stuck through her ear lobe.齐塔自己就不守传统，在一只耳垂上穿了一根别针。Through is also an adverb.  

I bored a hole so that the fixing bolt would pass through.我钻了个孔，好让固定插销穿过去。

8.PREP	介词  通过，经过(系统) To go through a system means to move around it or to pass from one end of it to the other. 

...electric currents travelling through copper wires...通过铜导线的电流
What a lot of cards you've got through the post!你们收到了多少寄来的贺卡啊！
...a child's successful passage through the education system.孩子顺利完成学业Through is also an adverb.  

It is also expected to consider a resolution which would allow food to go through immediately with fewer restrictions.预计还将考虑通过一项决议，将减少限制使食品迅速通过。

9.PREP	介词  透过，通过(…感知) If you see, hear, or feel something through a particular thing, that thing is between you and the thing you can see, hear, or feel. 

Alice gazed pensively through the wet glass...艾丽斯透过湿漉漉的玻璃神情忧郁地凝视着窗外。
They could hear music pulsing through the walls of the house...透过墙壁，他们能听到有节奏的音乐声。
I am sure I can feel a vibration through the soles of my feet.我敢肯定我能感到脚底下有震动。

10.PREP	介词  (感觉、态度、品质)遍布，遍及，贯穿 If something such as a feeling, attitude, or quality, happens through an area, organization, or a person's body, it happens everywhere in it or affects all of it. 

An atmosphere of anticipation vibrated through the crowd...期待的心情在人群中弥漫开来。
The melody that ran through his brain was composed of bad notes...回荡在他脑海里的旋律都走调了。
What was going through his mind when he spoke those amazing words?...他说出那些令人诧异的话时，心里都在想些什么？A mood of optimism swept through the company and its customers.公司上下及其顾客都洋溢着一股乐观情绪。

11.PREP	介词  自始至终;从头到尾 If something happens or exists through a period of time, it happens or exists from the beginning until the end. 

We're playing in New Zealand, Australia and Japan through November...整个 11 月，我们都在新西兰、澳大利亚和日本巡回演出。
Saga features trips for older people at home and abroad all through the year...“传奇”旅行社为老年人提供全年的国内外旅游服务。
She kept quiet all through breakfast.早饭时，她从头到尾一声不吭的。Through is also an adverb.  

We've got a tough programme, hard work right through to the summer...我们有一个难啃的项目，需要一直奋战到夏天。He worked right through.他参与了整个过程。

12.PREP	介词  直至;一直到 If something happens from a particular period of time through another, it starts at the first period and continues until the end of the second period. 
  【语域标签】：AM 美

...open Monday through Sunday from 7:00 am to 10:00 pm...开放时间：周一到周日，每天早晨 7: 00 到晚上 10: 00
During her busy season (March through June), she often completes as many as fifty paintings a week.她忙的时候(从 3 月一直到 6 月)，常常一个星期完成多达 50 幅画作。in BRIT, use 英国英语用 to

13.PREP	介词  经历;度过 If you go through a particular experience or event, you experience it, and if you behave in a particular way through it, you behave in that way while it is happening. 

Men go through a change of life emotionally just like women.男人和女人一样，也要在情绪上经历更年期。
...a humorous woman who had lived through two world wars in Paris...在巴黎经历过两次世界大战的幽默女人
Why was I putting myself through all this misery?...我为什么要如此自找苦吃啊？Through it all, Mark was outwardly calm.自始至终，马克表面上都显得很镇定。

14.ADJ	形容词  完成的;结束的;(与…)关系了结的 If you are through with something or if it is through, you have finished doing it and will never do it again. If you are through with someone, you do not want to have anything to do with them again. 
  【搭配模式】：v-link ADJ

I'm through with the explaining...我不想再解释了。
Training as a marriage counsellor would guarantee her some employment once her schooling was through...她接受的婚姻指导师培训能保证她学业一结束就找到工作。
They were through. They wanted out. Forever...他们受够了，他们想要解脱，永远的解脱。I'm through with women.我这辈子都不会再和女人交往了。

15.PREP	介词  进行到一半/一直到底 You use through in expressions such as half-way through and all the way through to indicate to what extent an action or task is completed. 
  【搭配模式】：n PREP n

A thirty-nine-year-old competitor collapsed half-way through the marathon and died shortly afterwards.一名 39 岁的马拉松参赛者跑到一半时瘫倒在地，没过多久就死了。Through is also an adverb.  

Stir the pork about until it turns white all the way through.不停搅动猪肉，直到它全部变白为止。

16.PREP	介词  因为;由于 If something happens because of something else, you can say that it happens through it. 

They are understood to have retired through age or ill health...据知他们是因年龄或健康问题而退休。
The thought of someone suffering through a mistake of mine makes me shiver.想到有人因为我犯的错误而吃苦头，我就不寒而栗。

17.PREP	介词  通过;凭借;依靠 You use through when stating the means by which a particular thing is achieved. 

Those who seek to grab power through violence deserve punishment...企图通过暴力夺权的人理应受到惩罚。
You simply can't get a ticket through official channels.通过官方渠道是压根儿搞不到票的。

18.PREP	介词  经过;经由 If you do something through someone else, they take the necessary action for you. 

Do I need to go through my doctor or can I make an appointment direct?...我必须经过我的医生呢，还是可以直接预约？
Speaking through an interpreter, he called for some new thinking from the West.他通过译员发出呼吁，希望西方能采取一些新的思维。

19.ADV	副词  (提议、观点)获得通过，得到批准 If something such as a proposal or idea goes through, it is accepted by people in authority and is made legal or official. 
  【搭配模式】：ADV after v

It is possible that the present Governor General will be made interim President, if the proposals go through...如果提案获得通过，现任总督可能被任命为临时总统。
The secretary of state during the Nixon-Ford transition did not wish to push the proposals through.尼克松-福特过渡时期的国务卿不希望推动那些提案得到通过。Through is also a preposition.  

They want to get the plan through Congress as quickly as possible.他们想让该计划尽快获得国会的批准。

20.PREP	介词  通过(考试);(在比赛中)胜出 If someone gets through an examination or a round of a competition, they succeed or win. 

She was bright, learned languages quickly, and sailed through her exams...她头脑聪明，学语言学得快，各门考试都顺利地通过。
All the seeded players got through the first round.所有种子选手都闯过了第一轮比赛。Through is also an adverb.  

Nigeria also go through from that group.尼日利亚队也在那个小组中胜出。

21.ADV	副词  (电话)接通，打通 When you get through while making a telephone call, the call is connected and you can speak to the person you are phoning. 
  【搭配模式】：ADV after v

He may find the line cut on the telephone so that he can't get through...他可能会发现电话线被切断了，所以打不通。
Smith tried to get through to Frank at Warm Springs the next morning.第二天早上，史密斯试图打电话给在沃姆斯普林斯的弗兰克。

22.PREP	介词  彻底地(查看或检查) If you look or go through a lot of things, you look at them or deal with them one after the other. 

Let's go through the numbers together and see if a workable deal is possible...我们一起把这些数目过一遍，看能不能找出个可行方案。
When you have finished your list of personal preferences, go through it again...等你列出个人喜好的单子后，从头到尾再看一遍。
David ran through the agreement with Guy, point by point...戴维和盖伊一起把协议逐条看了一遍。He, too, had a lot of paperwork to get through.他也有很多文书工作要处理。

23.PREP	介词  从头到尾(阅读) If you read through something, you read it from beginning to end. 

She read through pages and pages of the music I had brought her...她一页一页地翻看我带给她的乐谱。
I only had time to skim through the script before I flew over here.我在乘飞机来这儿之前，只来得及把稿子浏览了一遍。Through is also an adverb.  

He read the article straight through, looking for any scrap of information that might have passed him by.他将那篇文章从头读到尾，寻找先前可能漏看的任何一点零星信息。

24.ADJ	形容词  (火车)直达的 A through train goes directly to a particular place, so that the people who want to go there do not have to change trains. 
  【搭配模式】：ADJ n

...Britain's longest through train journey, 685 miles.英国行程最远的直达列车路线——685 英里

25.ADV	副词  (湿)透 If you say that someone or something is wet through, you are emphasizing how wet they are. 
  【搭配模式】：adj ADV
  【语用信息】：emphasis

I returned to the inn cold and wet, soaked through by the drizzling rain...我回到小旅馆时身上被毛毛雨淋透了，感觉又冷又湿。
She went on crying, and cried and cried until the pillow was wet through.她还是哭，哭呀哭，一直哭到枕头都湿透了。

26.PHRASE	短语  彻底;完全 Through and through means completely and to the greatest extent possible. 
  【搭配模式】：usu n/adj PHR

I've gotten my feet thoroughly soaked and feel frozen through and through...我双脚湿透，感觉都冻到骨头里了。
People assume they know me through and through the moment we meet.人们一见到我，就自以为对我了如指掌了。


——————————————
★☆☆   throughout ●●●●○

1.PREP	介词  自始至终;从头到尾;贯穿 If you say that something happens throughout a particular period of time, you mean that it happens during the whole of that period. 
  【搭配模式】：ADV with cl

The national tragedy of rival groups killing each other continued throughout 1990...敌对派别相互残杀的国家悲剧 1990 年全年都在上演。
Movie music can be made memorable because its themes are repeated throughout the film.电影音乐要想让人记住不难，因为它的主旋律贯穿影片始终。
...a single-minded devotion to racing which Gaye has shown throughout her career.盖伊在她的职业生涯中对赛跑自始至终的全身心投入Throughout is also an adverb.  

The first song, 'Blue Moon', didn't go too badly except that everyone talked throughout.第一首歌《蓝色的月亮》唱得并不太差，只是所有人从头到尾都在讲话。

2.PREP	介词  遍及;遍布 If you say that something happens or exists throughout a place, you mean that it happens or exists in all parts of that place. 

'Sight Savers', founded in 1950, now runs projects throughout Africa, the Caribbean and South East Asia...创始于 1950 年的国际防盲及救盲组织如今在非洲、加勒比海地区和东南亚各地都开展项目。
As we have tried to show throughout this book, companies that provide outstanding service don't do it by luck.正如我们一直想在本书中努力表明的那样，提供优质服务的公司靠的不是运气。Throughout is also an adverb.  

The route is well signposted throughout...这条路线全段都清楚地设有路标。Throughout, the walls are white.那些墙壁通体上下都是白的。


——————————————
★☆☆   throughput

1.N-UNCOUNT	不可数名词  (组织、系统在一定时间内的)工作量，生产量，吞吐量 The throughput of an organization or system is the amount of things it can do or deal with in a particular period of time. 

...technologies which will allow us to get much higher throughput...能让我们大幅提高工作效率的技术
There's still a reasonable throughput of business.业务量仍然可以。


——————————————
★☆☆   throughway

1.   →see: thruway; 


——————————————
★☆☆   throw ●●●●○

1.VERB	动词  扔;抛;投;掷 When you throw an object that you are holding, you move your hand or arm quickly and let go of the object, so that it moves through the air. 
  【语法信息】：V n prep/adv
  【语法信息】：V n
  【语法信息】：V n with adv
  【语法信息】：V n n
  【搭配模式】：oft N of n

He spent hours throwing a tennis ball against a wall...他好几个小时都对着一堵墙掷网球。
On one occasion, his father threw a radio at his mother...他父亲曾有一次拎起收音机砸向他的母亲。
The crowd began throwing stones...人群开始投掷石块。Sophia jumps up and throws down her knitting...索菲娅跳起身来，扔下正在织的毛衣。He threw Brian a rope.他扔给布赖恩一根绳子。Throw is also a noun.  

One of the judges thought it was a foul throw...有个裁判认为投球犯规。A throw of the dice allows a player to move himself forward.掷一次骰子，玩家可相应向前移动。throwing

He didn't really know very much about javelin throwing.他其实并不太懂掷标枪。

2.VERB	动词  急伸，猛动(身体或某部位) If you throw your body or part of your body into a particular position or place, you move it there suddenly and with a lot of force. 
  【语法信息】：V n prep
  【语法信息】：V pron-refl prep/adv
  【语法信息】：V n with adv

She threw her arms around his shoulders...她一把搂住他的肩膀。
She threatened to throw herself in front of a train...她威胁要卧轨。
He set his skinny legs apart and threw back his shoulders.他叉开两条细腿，猛地挺起胸膛。

3.VERB	动词  (随手)抛，丢，扔 If you throw something into a particular place or position, you put it there in a quick and careless way. 
  【语法信息】：V n prep/adv

He struggled out of his bulky jacket and threw it on to the back seat...他费劲脱下他那件笨重的夹克，随手把它扔在后座上。
Why not throw it all in the pot and see what happens?为什么不把它全扔进罐子，看看会发生什么变化？

4.VERB	动词  摔;掼;抛 To throw someone into a particular place or position means to force them roughly into that place or position. 
  【语法信息】：V n prep/adv

He threw me to the ground and started to kick...他把我摔倒在地，开始用脚踢。
The device exploded, throwing Mr Taylor from his car.那个装置爆炸了，把泰勒先生从车里抛了出去。

5.VERB	动词  把…投进(监狱) If you say that someone is thrown into prison, you mean that they are put there by the authorities, especially if this seems unfair or cruel. 
  【语法信息】：be V-ed in/into n
  【语法信息】：V n in/into n

Those two should have been thrown in jail...那两个人早就应该抓去坐牢。
Police should have the power to fine people who hamper rescue efforts. In fact I'd throw them into prison for a night.警察应该有权对妨碍救援的人处以罚款。其实要是换了我，非关他们一宿不可。

6.VERB	动词  (马)甩落，掀掉(骑手) If a horse throws its rider, it makes him or her fall off, by suddenly jumping or moving violently. 
  【语法信息】：V n

The horse reared, throwing its rider and knocking down a youth standing beside it.那匹马尥了个蹶子，把骑手掀下马，还撞倒了旁边站着的一个小伙子。

7.VERB	动词  使处境不利;使进展不顺 If a person or thing is thrown into an unpleasant situation or state, something causes them to be in that situation or state. 
  【语法信息】：be V-ed prep
  【语法信息】：V n prep

Abidjan was thrown into turmoil because of a protest by taxi drivers...出租车司机的抗议使得阿比让陷入了混乱。
Economic recession had thrown millions out of work...经济衰退导致数百万人失业。
The border dispute has threatened to throw next week's OPEC meeting in Geneva into confusion.边境纠纷很可能会使下周将在日内瓦举行的石油输出国组织会议陷入混乱。

8.VERB	动词  投下，洒下，抛下(光线或影子) If something throws light or a shadow on a surface, it causes that surface to have light or a shadow on it. 
  【语法信息】：V n on/onto n

The sunlight is white and blinding, throwing hard-edged shadows on the ground.阳光明亮刺眼，在地上投下轮廓分明的影子。

9.VERB	动词  把(怀疑)加(于) If something throws doubt on a person or thing, it causes people to doubt or suspect them. 
  【语法信息】：V n on/upon n

This new information does throw doubt on their choice...这个新信息确实使人们对他们的选择产生了怀疑。
She did not attempt to throw any suspicion upon you.她无意让大家怀疑你。

10.VERB	动词  飞快(看)一眼;迅速(笑)一下 If you throw a look or smile at someone or something, you look or smile at them quickly and suddenly. 
  【语法信息】：V n n
  【语法信息】：Also V n at n
  【搭配模式】：no cont

Emily turned and threw her a suggestive grin.埃米莉转过头，冲她意味深长地一笑。

11.VERB	动词  投入;投身(于) If you throw yourself, your energy, or your money into a particular job or activity, you become involved in it very actively or enthusiastically. 
  【语法信息】：V pron-refl into n
  【语法信息】：V n into n

She threw herself into a modelling career...她投身于模特事业。
They threw all their military resources into the battle.他们将全部军事资源都投入了那场战斗。

12.VERB	动词  突然发怒;大发雷霆 If you throw a fit or a tantrum, you suddenly start to behave in an uncontrolled way. 
  【语法信息】：V n

I used to get very upset and scream and swear, throwing tantrums all over the place.以前，我动不动就发脾气，大喊大叫，还骂人。

13.VERB	动词  使吃惊;使迷惑不解 If something such as a remark or an experience throws you, it surprises you or confuses you because it is unexpected. 
  【语法信息】：V n
  【语法信息】：V n P

The professor rather threw me by asking if I went in for martial arts...教授问我是否爱好武术，这个问题让我吃了一惊。
Obviously the puncture threw me a little, but I'm reasonably happy.显然，轮胎扎破让我感到有些意外，不过我还是挺开心的。Throw off means the same as throw .  throw off 同 throw

I lost my first serve in the first set, it threw me off a bit.我在第一局的第一个发球失误，使我有点乱了方寸。

14.VERB	动词  打(一拳) If you throw a punch, you punch someone. 
  【语法信息】：V n

Everything was fine until someone threw a punch.开头还好好的，后来不知是谁动了拳头。

15.VERB	动词  (通常在家里)进行，举办(聚会) When someone throws a party, they organize one, usually in their own home. 
  【语法信息】：V n
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

Why not throw a party for your friends?干吗不在家里为你的朋友们搞个聚会？

16.VERB	动词  按，拨动(开关) When someone throws a switch, they turn it on or off. 
  【语法信息】：V n

Prince Edward threw the switch to light the illuminations.爱德华王子按动开关亮起彩灯。

17.VERB	动词  故意输掉(比赛) In sports, if a player throws a game or contest, they lose it as a result of a deliberate action or intention. 
  【语法信息】：V n

...offering him a bribe to throw the game.向他行贿，叫他故意输掉比赛

18.N-COUNT	可数名词  沙发套;床罩 A throw is a light rug, blanket, or cover for a sofa or bed. 

19.PHRASE	短语  单价;每个的价格 If things cost a particular amount of money a throw, they cost that amount each. 
  【搭配模式】：amount PHR
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

Most applications software for personal computers cost over $500 a throw.个人电脑使用的多数应用软件的单价为 500 多美元。

20.PHRASE	短语  向…投怀送抱;向…献媚 If someone throws themselves at you, they make it very obvious that they want to begin a relationship with you, by behaving as though they are sexually attracted to you. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects

I'll say you started it, that you threw yourself at me.我觉得是你主动向我投怀送抱。

21.   to throw the baby out with the bath water→see: baby; to throw the book at someone→see: book; to throw someone in at the deep end→see: end; to throw down the gauntlet→see: gauntlet; to throw up your hands→see: hand; to throw light on something→see: light; to throw in your lot with someone→see: lot; to throw money at something→see: money; to throw good money after bad→see: money; to throw a spanner in the works→see: spanner; a stone's throw→see: stone; to throw in the towel→see: towel; to throw your weight about→see: weight; to throw a wrench→see: wrench; 相关词组：throw around throw aside throw away throw back throw down throw in throw off throw out throw together throw up 


——————————————
★☆☆   throw around

1.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  把…挂在嘴边;念叨 If you say that someone throws around a word or name, you disapprove of the fact that they mention it frequently, often in an inappropriate way in order to impress someone. 
  【语法信息】：V n P
  【语法信息】：V-ed P
  【语法信息】：Also V P n (not pron)
  【语用信息】：disapproval
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

Occasionally, he throws fancy words around...他有时会把华丽的词藻挂在嘴边。
The name that I've heard thrown around a lot is Jim Morrison.我听到大家时常提起的一个人名是吉姆·莫里森。


——————————————
★☆☆   throw aside

1.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  放弃，拒绝接受(生活方式、原则、思想) If you throw aside a way of life, a principle, or an idea, you abandon it or reject it. 
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)
  【语法信息】：V n P

Detectives threw aside professional training and caution, and looked for a different explanation...侦探们将受过的专业训练和小心谨慎抛之脑后，开始寻求另一种解释。
Exceptional patients have the ability to throw statistics aside to say, 'I can be a survivor'.尽管统计数字凿凿，仍有个别病人能够做到将它抛在一边，相信自己可以活下来。


——————————————
★☆☆   throw away

1.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  扔掉，丢掉(废弃物) When you throw away or throw out something that you do not want, you get rid of it, for example by putting it in a rubbish container. 
  【语法信息】：V n P
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)

I never throw anything away...我什么东西都不舍得扔。
I'm not advising you to throw away your makeup or forget about your appearance.我不是建议你扔掉化妆品，或者不修边幅。

2.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词 See also: throwaway;  错过，浪费(机会、优势或好处) If you throw away an opportunity, advantage, or benefit, you waste it, rather than using it sensibly. 
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)
  【语法信息】：V n P

Failing to tackle the deficit would be throwing away an opportunity we haven't had for a generation...如果不能成功解决赤字问题，我们将错过等了一代人才等来的机会。
We should have won. We threw it away.我们本该赢的，是我们自己没把握住机会。


——————————————
★☆☆   throwaway

1.ADJ	形容词  一次性的;用完即弃的 A throwaway product is intended to be used only for a short time, and then to be thrown away. 
  【搭配模式】：ADJ n

Now they are producing throwaway razors.他们正在生产一次性剃须刀。A throwaway is a throwaway product.  一次性产品

She's taken surplus goods and throwaways and given them useful new lives with the aid of paint and imagination.借助于油漆和想象力，她赋予了剩余商品和一次性产品新的功用和生命。

2.ADJ	形容词  (讲话、动作)不经意的，随意的 If you say that someone makes a throwaway remark or gesture, you mean that they make it in a casual way, although it may be important, or have some serious or humorous effect. 
  【搭配模式】：ADJ n

...a throwaway remark she later regretted...她脱口而出后就后悔的话
The humour and throwaway lines ensure that the piece never loses its pace.幽默和即兴的台词确保了这出戏自始至终的流畅。


——————————————
★☆☆   throwback

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  复古;回归 If you say that something is a throwback to a former time, you mean that it is like something that existed a long time ago. 
  【搭配模式】：usu sing

The hall is a throwback to another era with its old prints and stained-glass.这个大厅的古老图案和彩色玻璃是对过去一个时代风格的回归。


——————————————
★☆☆   throw back

1.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  翻旧账;揭疮疤 If you throw something back at a person, you remind them of something bad they did in the past, in order to upset them. 
  【语法信息】：V n P at n
  【语法信息】：Also V P at n n

I should never have told you that. I knew you'd throw it back at me.我压根儿就不该把那件事告诉你，我就知道你会翻我的老账的。

2.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  不得不动用，只好依靠(自己的能力或资源) If someone is thrown back on their own powers or resources, they have to use them, because there is nothing else they can use. 
  【语法信息】：be V-ed P on n
  【搭配模式】：usu passive

We are constantly thrown back on our own resources.我们总是不得不自谋出路。


——————————————
★☆☆   throw down

1.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  公然挑衅;大胆挑战 If you throw down a challenge to someone, you do something new or unexpected in a bold or forceful manner that will probably cause them to reply or react equally strongly. 
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)
  【语法信息】：V-ed P

The regional parliament threw down a new challenge to the central authorities by passing a law allowing private ownership of businesses...地方议会通过了一项法律，允许企业私有，这向中央政权发起了新的挑战。
Government ministers have been responding to the challenge thrown down by their former colleague.政府部长们一直在应对从前的同事的公然挑战。


——————————————
★☆☆   throw-in ●○○○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  (足球或橄榄球比赛中的)掷边线球，掷界外球 When there is a throw-in in a football or rugby match, the ball is thrown back onto the field after it has been kicked off it. 


——————————————
★☆☆   throw in

1.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  无意中说;随口说 If you throw in a remark when having a conversation, you add it in a casual or unexpected way. 
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)
  【语法信息】：Also V n P

Occasionally Farling threw in a question.法林有时会突然冒出个问题。

2.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  免费赠送;额外奉送 If a person who is selling something throws in something extra, they give you the extra thing and only ask you to pay for the first thing. 
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)
  【语法信息】：V-ed P
  【语法信息】：Also V n P

Pay £4.80 for larger prints and they throw in a free photo album...付 4.8 英镑冲印更大尺寸的照片就会获赠一本相册。
They were offering me a weekend break in Paris — with free beer thrown in.他们让我去巴黎休息一个周末——外加免费啤酒。


——————————————
★☆☆   thrown

1.  Thrown is the past participle of throw. 


——————————————
★☆☆   throw off

1.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  摆脱，抛掉(束缚，苦恼) If you throw off something that is restricting you or making you unhappy, you get rid of it. 
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)
  【语法信息】：V n P

...a country ready to throw off the shackles of its colonial past...就要摆脱过去殖民枷锁的国家
One day depression descended upon him, and wherever he went after that he could never throw it off.有一天，他突然开始消沉起来，从那以后，无论他走到哪儿也摆脱不了这种情绪。

2.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  (向空中)释放，散发出 If something throws off a substance, it produces it and releases it into the air. 
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)

The belt may make a squealing noise and throw off sooty black particles of rubber...传送带会发出刺耳的噪音并释放出乌黑的橡胶颗粒。
The star grew 30% brighter and threw off huge amounts of radiation.那颗星的亮度增加了 30%并释放出大量辐射。

3.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  甩掉，摆脱(追赶者) If you throw off people who are chasing you or trying to find you, you do something unexpected that makes them unable to catch you or find you. 
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)
  【语法信息】：V n P n
  【语法信息】：Also V n P

He is said to have thrown off pursuers by pedaling across the Wisconsin state line...据说他骑车越过威斯康星州界，摆脱了追捕他的人。
He tried to throw police off the track of his lover.他努力让警方无法跟踪他的情人。

4. See also: throw;   


——————————————
★☆☆   throw out

1.   →see: throw away 1; 

2.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  (法官)不受理，不立案 If a judge throws out a case, he or she rejects it and the accused person does not have to stand trial. 
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)
  【语法信息】：Also V n P

The defense wants the district Judge to throw out the case.辩护律师希望区法官不受理那个案子。

3.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  撵走;赶走;开除;将…除名 If you throw someone out, you force them to leave a place or group. 
  【语法信息】：be/get V-ed P of n
  【语法信息】：V n P of n
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)
  【语法信息】：Also V n P

He was thrown out of the Olympic team after testing positive for drugs...他在药检呈阳性后被奥林匹克运动队除名。
I wanted to kill him, but instead I just threw him out of the house...我本想杀了他，不过我只是把他撵出了门。
The party threw out the Trotskyist Militant Tendency.该党开除了托洛茨基主义的激进派。


——————————————
★☆☆   throw together

1.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  仓促做成;快速张罗出 If you throw something together, for example a meal or a costume, you make it quickly and not very carefully. 
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)
  【语法信息】：Also V n P
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

Too often, picnic preparation consists of throwing together some sandwiches and grabbing an apple.准备野餐往往不过是随便做几个三明治，再来一个苹果。

2.PHR-V-RECIP	相互动词短语  使…相遇相识 If people are thrown together by a situation or event, it causes them to get to know each other, even though they may not want to. 
  【语法信息】：pl-n be V-ed P
  【语法信息】：V-ed P
  【语法信息】：be V-ed P with n
  【语法信息】：Also V pl-n P

The cast and crew were thrown together for 12 hours a day, six days a week, until the filming was completed...演员和剧组人员每周 6 天，每天 12 小时都呆在一起，一直到影片杀青为止。
If you have men and women thrown together in inhospitable surroundings, you are going to get some sexual tension...你要是让男人和女人一起呆在不友好的环境里，男女关系肯定会紧张。
My husband is constantly thrown together with young people through his work.我丈夫由于工作关系经常遇到年轻人。


——————————————
★☆☆   throw up

1.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  呕吐;呕出 When someone throws up, they vomit. 
  【语法信息】：V P
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

She said she had thrown up after reading reports of the trial.她说，她看完审判报告后都吐了。

2.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  激起，扬起，搅起，溅起(尘土、石子或水) If something throws up dust, stones, or water, when it moves or hits the ground, it causes them to rise up into the air. 
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)
  【语法信息】：Also V n P

If it had hit the Earth, it would have made a crater 100 miles across and thrown up an immense cloud of dust.如果它当时击中地球，就会砸出一个直径 100 英里的大坑并激起巨大的尘埃云团。

3.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  匆匆搭建起来;匆忙建成 If you say that a building or structure is thrown up, you mean that it is built or made very quickly, usually so that it is not of very good quality. 
  【语法信息】：be V-ed P
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)
  【语法信息】：Also V n P

...living in the slums where wood and scrap metal dwellings are thrown up in any available space...住在随便找块地方就能用木头和废铜烂铁搭起个住处的贫民区
Youths threw up barricades on the streets.年轻人在街上匆匆垒起路障。

4.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  产生;突出;凸显 To throw up a particular person or thing means to produce them or cause them to become noticeable. 
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)
  【语法信息】：Also V n P
  【语域标签】：mainly BRIT 主英

The political struggle threw up a strong leader...政治斗争产生了一位强有力的领导者。
These studies have already thrown up some interesting results.这些研究已经得出一些有趣的结果了。


——————————————
★☆☆   thru'
——————————————
★☆☆   thru
——————————————
★☆☆   thrum

1.VERB	动词  (机器、引擎)嗡嗡响，发出沉闷声 When something such as a machine or engine thrums, it makes a low beating sound. 
  【语法信息】：V

The air-conditioner thrummed.空调嗡嗡作响。Thrum is also a noun.  

...the thrum of refrigeration motors...制冷机低沉的嗡嗡声My head was going thrum thrum thrum.我的脑袋嗡嗡作响。


——————————————
★☆☆   thrush ●○○○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  鸫 A thrush is a fairly small bird with a brown back and a spotted breast. 

2.N-UNCOUNT	不可数名词  鹅口疮;真菌性口炎;念珠菌性阴道炎 Thrush is a medical condition caused by a fungus. It most often occurs in a baby's mouth or in a woman's vagina. 


——————————————
★☆☆   thrust ●●○○○

1.VERB	动词  猛推;猛塞;刺;戳 If you thrust something or someone somewhere, you push or move them there quickly with a lot of force. 
  【语法信息】：V n prep/adv

They thrust him into the back of a jeep...他们把他硬塞进吉普车后座。
She grabs a stack of baby photos and thrusts them into my hands.她抓起一沓婴儿照片塞到我手里。Thrust is also a noun.  

Two of the knife thrusts were fatal.有两处刀伤是致命的。

2.VERB	动词  挤;推;扎 If you thrust your way somewhere, you move there, pushing between people or things which are in your way. 
  【语法信息】：V way prep/adv

She thrust her way into the crowd...她一头扎进人群。
He reached the garden gate and thrust his way through it.他来到花园门口，挤了进去。

3.VERB	动词  露在外面;凸出来 If something thrusts up or out of something else, it sticks up or sticks out in a noticeable way. 
  【语法信息】：V adv/prep
  【STYLE标签】：LITERARY 文

An aerial thrust up from the grass verge...一根天线在草地边上竖立着。
A ray of sunlight thrust out through the clouds.一缕阳光透过云层照射下来。

4.N-UNCOUNT	不可数名词  (车辆等的)推力，反压力，侧向压力 Thrust is the power or force that is required to make a vehicle move in a particular direction. 

It provides the thrust that makes the craft move forward.它提供了飞机前进所需的推力。

5.N-SING	单数名词  (活动、思想的)要点，主要内容，要旨 The thrust of an activity or of an idea is the main or essential things it expresses. 
  【搭配模式】：adj N

The real thrust of the film is its examination of New York's Hasidic community...这部电影的真正要旨是它审视了纽约的哈西德教徒。
The main thrust of the research will be the study of the early Universe and galaxy formation...此项研究的核心是早期宇宙和银河系的形成。
The conductor brought home the full thrust of the work's emotional resolution.指挥将该作品情感上的毅然决然这一主旨充分表现了出来。

6.   cut and thrust→see: cut; 相关词组：thrust upon 


——————————————
★☆☆   thrust upon

1.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  迫使…接受;把…强加于;强人所难 If something is thrust upon you, you are forced to have it, deal with it, or experience it. 
  【语法信息】：be V-ed P n
  【语法信息】：have n V-ed P n
  【搭配模式】：usu passive

Why has such sadness been thrust upon us?...我们为什么要遭这份罪？
She had not wanted to be Queen, but the role was thrust upon her...她本来不想当女王的，但还是被迫接受了这一身份。
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.有人生来伟大，有人成就伟大，有人被迫伟大。


——————————————
★☆☆   thruway

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  高速公路 A thruway is a wide road that is specially designed so that a lot of traffic can move along it very quickly. It is usually divided along the middle, so that traffic travelling in one direction is separated from the traffic travelling in the opposite direction. 
  【语域标签】：AM 美


——————————————
★☆☆   Thu.

1.   →see: Thurs; 


——————————————
★☆☆   thud ●○○○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  (重物撞击软物时的)沉闷声，低沉声 A thud is a dull sound, such as that which a heavy object makes when it hits something soft. 
  【搭配模式】：usu sing

She tripped and fell with a sickening thud...她绊了一下，重重地摔倒在地。
Much of their study and revision was done to the thud of hammers and pneumatic drills...他们学习和复习时大多都伴着锤子和风钻沉闷的敲击声。
I heard the regular thud thud thud of running shoes behind me.我听到身后跑鞋有节奏地噔噔噔地响着。

2.VERB	动词  发出沉重的声音;砰砰作响 If something thuds somewhere, it makes a dull sound, usually when it falls onto or hits something else. 
  【语法信息】：V prep/adv
  【语法信息】：V-ing
  【语法信息】：Also V

She ran up the stairs, her bare feet thudding on the wood...她光着脚噔噔地跑上木质楼梯。
The windscreen wipers thudded back and forth...挡风玻璃上的雨刮“啪嗒啪嗒”地来回摆动。
There was a heavy thudding noise against the bedroom door.卧室门上发出一声沉重的撞击声。thudding

...the thudding of the bombs beyond the hotel.炸弹在旅馆后面爆炸的轰隆声

3.VERB	动词  (心脏)咚咚跳，怦怦跳 When your heart thuds, it beats strongly and rather quickly, for example because you are very frightened or very happy. 
  【语法信息】：V
  【语法信息】：V prep/adv
  【语法信息】：V-ing

My heart had started to thud, and my mouth was dry...我的心开始咚咚跳，嘴里发干。
Jessica's heart was thudding against her ribcage.杰茜卡的心在胸腔里剧烈地跳动着。
...exercises to help you slow your breathing and quiet your thudding heart.让你心平气和的锻炼


——————————————
★☆☆   thug ●○○○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  恶棍;凶手;罪犯 You can refer to a violent person or criminal as a thug . 
  【语用信息】：disapproval

...the cowardly thugs who mug old people.抢劫老人的胆小恶棍


——————————————
★☆☆   thuggery

1.N-UNCOUNT	不可数名词  罪行;粗暴行径 Thuggery is rough, violent behaviour. 


——————————————
★☆☆   thuggish

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  凶狠的;粗野的;蛮横的 If you describe a person or their behaviour as thuggish, you mean they behave in a violent, rough, or threatening way. 
  【语用信息】：disapproval

The owner of the stall, a large, thuggish man, grabbed Dai by the collar.摊主是个野蛮凶狠的大块头，他一把抓住了戴的衣领。


——————————————
★☆☆   thumb ●●○○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  (大)拇指 Your thumb is the short thick part on the side of your hand next to your four fingers. 

She bit the tip of her left thumb, not looking at me.她咬着左手的拇指尖，眼睛也不看我。

2.N-COUNT	可数名词  (手套的)拇指部分 The thumb of a glove is the part which a person's thumb fits into. 

3.VERB	动词  (站在路边，伸出手，拇指向上)请求搭便车，拦车 If you thumb a lift or thumb a ride, you stand by the side of the road holding out your thumb until a driver stops and gives you a lift. 
  【语法信息】：V n to n
  【语法信息】：V n

It may interest you to know that a boy answering Rory's description thumbed a ride to Howth...你或许会对这个消息感兴趣，有个和罗里描述的一模一样的小男孩搭便车到了霍斯。
Thumbing a lift had once a carefree, easy-going image.伸手搭便车曾经给人以轻松随意的形象。

4. See also: well-thumbed;   

5.PHRASE	短语  扎眼;碍眼 If you say that someone or something sticks out like a sore thumb or stands out like a sore thumb, you are emphasizing that they are very noticeable, usually because they are unusual or inappropriate. 
  【搭配模式】：V and N inflect
  【语用信息】：emphasis

Does the new housing stick out like a sore thumb or blend into its surroundings?...这个新住宅区是显得有点扎眼，还是和环境融为一体？
In Japan a European stands out like a sore thumb.欧洲人到了日本会极为惹眼。

6.PHRASE	短语  无所事事;闲着无聊 If you say that someone is twiddling their thumbs, you mean that they do not have anything to do and are waiting for something to happen. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects

The prospect of waiting around just twiddling his thumbs was appalling...想到将要无所事事，他就非常害怕。
The Government cannot expect graduates to twiddle their thumbs on the dole.政府不愿意看到毕业生领着救济金却什么也不干。

7.PHRASE	短语  在…控制下;深受…影响 If you are under someone's thumb, you are under their control, or very heavily influenced by them. 
  【搭配模式】：v-link PHR

I cannot tell you what pain I feel when I see how much my mother is under my father's thumb...看见我母亲完完全全受我父亲的控制，我心里别提有多难受。
She has Rachel firmly under her thumb.她把雷切尔牢牢地抓在手心里。

8.   green thumb→see: green; to thumb your nose at someone→see: nose; rule of thumb→see: rule; 相关词组：thumb through 


——————————————
★☆☆   thumbnail

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  拇指甲 Your thumbnail is the nail on your thumb. 

2.ADJ	形容词  简要的;概括的;简略的 A thumbnail sketch or account is a very short description of an event, idea, or plan which gives only the main details. 
  【搭配模式】：ADJ n


——————————————
★☆☆   thumb-nail
——————————————
★☆☆   thumbprint

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  拇指纹 A thumbprint is a mark made by a person's thumb which shows the pattern of lines on its surface. 

2.N-COUNT	可数名词  痕迹 If you say that something such as a project has someone's thumbprint on it, you mean that it has features that make it obvious that they have been involved with it. 

It's got your thumbprint all over it...到处都有你参与其中的痕迹。
His personal goal was to put 'his thumb print' on a program of changes.他的个人目标是将改革方案打上“自己的印记”。


——————————————
★☆☆   thumb print
——————————————
★☆☆   thumbscrew

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  拇指夹(旧时的一种刑具) A thumbscrew is an object that was used in the past to torture people by crushing their thumbs. 

2.N-COUNT	可数名词  极大的压力 If someone puts the thumbscrews on you, they start to put you under extreme pressure in order to force you to do something. 


——————————————
★☆☆   thumb screw
——————————————
★☆☆   thumbs down

1.N-SING	单数名词  否定;反对;拒绝 If you say that someone gives a plan, idea, or suggestion the thumbs-down, you are indicating that they do not approve of it and refuse to accept it. 
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式


——————————————
★☆☆   thumbs-down
——————————————
★☆☆   thumbs up
——————————————
★☆☆   thumbs-up

1.N-SING	单数名词  竖起大拇指(表示赞成或满意) A thumbs-up or a thumbs-up sign is a sign that you make by raising your thumb to show that you agree with someone, that you are happy with an idea or situation, or that everything is all right. 

She checked the hall, then gave the others a thumbs-up sign.她查看了一下大厅，然后冲其他人竖了一下大拇指。

2.N-SING	单数名词  赞同;接受 If you give a plan, idea, or suggestion the thumbs-up, you indicate that you approve of it and are willing to accept it. 
  【搭配模式】：the N
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

The financial markets have given the thumbs up to the new policy...金融市场已经接受了新政策。
It more or less gets the thumbs up from everyone.它多多少少得到了每个人的支持。


——————————————
★☆☆   thumbtack

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  图钉 A thumbtack is a short pin with a broad flat top which is used for fastening papers or pictures to a board, wall, or other surface. 
  【语域标签】：AM 美in BRIT, use 英国英语用 drawing pin


——————————————
★☆☆   thumb through

1.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  匆匆翻阅，浏览(书籍、杂志) If you thumb through something such as a book or magazine, you turn the pages quickly rather than reading each page carefully. 
  【语法信息】：V P n

He thumbed through a couple of pages, feigning just a slight interest...他随手翻了几页，假装兴趣不大。
He had the drawer open and was thumbing through the files.他打开抽屉，翻看着档案。


——————————————
★☆☆   thump ●○○○○

1.VERB	动词  (常指用拳头)猛击，重击，捶打 If you thump something, you hit it hard, usually with your fist. 
  【语法信息】：V n
  【语法信息】：V on n

He thumped my shoulder affectionately, nearly knocking me over...他亲热地捶了一下我的肩膀，差点把我打倒。
I heard you thumping on the door.我听见你咚咚地砸门。Thump is also a noun.  

He felt a thump on his shoulder.他感到有人重重捶了一下他的肩膀。

2.VERB	动词  (用拳头)打击，捶打 If you thump someone, you attack them and hit them with your fist. 
  【语法信息】：V n
  【语域标签】：mainly BRIT 主英
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

Don't say it serves me right or I'll thump you.别说我活该，不然让你尝尝我的拳头。

3.V-ERG	及物/不及物动词  重重地摔出;沉闷地撞击 If you thump something somewhere or if it thumps there, it makes a loud, dull sound by hitting something else. 
  【语法信息】：V n prep
  【语法信息】：V n with adv
  【语法信息】：V prep/adv
  【语法信息】：V
  【语法信息】：V-ing

She thumped her hand on the witness box...她抬手重重地砸在证人席上。
Waiters went scurrying down the aisles, thumping down tureens of soup.服务员们匆匆忙忙穿过走道，把一盆盆汤重重地放在桌上。
...paving stones and bricks which have been thumping down on police shields and helmets...噼里啪啦地砸在警察盾牌和头盔上的铺路石和砖块She dashed out through the door, her stockinged feet thumping softly as she ran up the stairs...她穿着袜子冲出房门，跑着上楼梯时发出轻柔的咚咚声。Where's that thumping noise coming from?那个咚咚的响声是从哪里传来的？Thump is also a noun.  

There was a loud thump as the horse crashed into the van.马撞在货车上发出砰的一声巨响。

4.VERB	动词  (心脏)怦怦跳，咚咚跳 When your heart thumps, it beats strongly and quickly, usually because you are afraid or excited. 
  【语法信息】：V

My heart was thumping wildly but I didn't let my face show any emotion.我的心在狂跳不已，但是我仍面不改色。

5. See also: thumping;   


——————————————
★☆☆   thumping ●○○○○

1.ADJ	形容词  极大的;了不起的;严重的 Thumping is used to emphasize that something is very great or severe. 
  【搭配模式】：ADJ n
  【搭配模式】：ADV adj
  【语用信息】：emphasis
  【语域标签】：BRIT 英
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

The Right has a thumping majority...右派占绝大多数。
The gloom deepened after a thumping £45m loss at British Rail.英国铁路公司遭受了 4,500 万英镑的巨额损失后境况更加惨淡。Thumping is also an adverb.  

A thumping good time was had by all.大家都很尽兴。

2. See also: thump;   


——————————————
★☆☆   thunder ●●○○○

1.N-UNCOUNT	不可数名词  雷;雷声 Thunder is the loud noise that you hear from the sky after a flash of lightning, especially during a storm. 

There was frequent thunder and lightning, and torrential rain.雷电交加，大雨倾盆。
...a distant clap of thunder.远处一声炸雷

2.VERB	动词  打雷 When it thunders, a loud noise comes from the sky after a flash of lightning. 
  【语法信息】：it V

The day was heavy and still. It would probably thunder later.天色阴沉，一丝风也没有。或许马上就要打雷。

3.N-UNCOUNT	不可数名词  雷鸣般的响声;轰隆声 The thunder of something that is moving or making a sound is the loud deep noise it makes. 
  【搭配模式】：N of n

The thunder of the sea on the rocks seemed to blank out other thoughts...海水拍打礁石的咆哮声似乎要淹没一切思绪。
Khalil heard the thunder of an avalanche.哈利勒听到了雪崩传来的轰隆声。

4.VERB	动词  轰隆隆地快速移动 If something or someone thunders somewhere, they move there quickly and with a lot of noise. 
  【语法信息】：V prep/adv

The horses thundered across the valley floor...马群轰隆隆地从谷底奔跑而过。
Niccolini was thundering up the stairs, taking them two at a time...尼科利尼一步两个台阶地噔噔跑上楼。
A lorry thundered by.一辆货车轰隆隆地驶过。

5.VERB	动词  发出轰隆声;轰鸣 If something thunders, it makes a very loud noise, usually continuously. 
  【语法信息】：V
  【语法信息】：V-ing

She heard the sound of the guns thundering in the fog.她听到雾中传来隆隆的枪炮声。
...thundering applause.雷鸣般的掌声

6.VERB	动词  愤怒地大叫;怒吼 If you thunder something, you say it loudly and forcefully, especially because you are angry. 
  【语法信息】：V with quote
  【语法信息】：V n
  【FIELD标签】：WRITTEN 笔语

'It's your money. Ask for it!' she thundered...“那是你的钱。快去要！”她生气地大喊。
The Prosecutor looked toward Napoleon, waiting for him to thunder an objection.检察官朝拿破仑望去，等他大声抗议。

7.PHRASE	短语  抢…的风头;抢…的功劳 If you steal someone's thunder, you get the attention or praise that they thought they would get, usually by saying or doing what they had intended to say or do. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects

He had no intention of letting the Foreign Secretary steal any of his thunder.他无意让外交大臣抢他的风头。


——————————————
★☆☆   thunderbolt

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  雷电；霹雳 A thunderbolt is a flash of lightning, accompanied by thunder, which strikes something such as a building or a tree. 


——————————————
★☆☆   thunderclap

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  雷声;雷鸣 A thunderclap is a short loud noise that you hear in the sky just after you see a flash of lightning. 


——————————————
★☆☆   thundercloud

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  雷雨云 A thundercloud is a large dark cloud that is likely to produce thunder and lightning. 


——————————————
★☆☆   thunderous ●○○○○

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (声音)轰隆隆的，低沉的，低吼的 If you describe a noise as thunderous, you mean that it is very loud and deep. 
  【搭配模式】：usu ADJ n

The audience responded with thunderous applause.观众报以雷鸣般的掌声。
...the thunderous roar of an explosion.惊天动地的爆炸声


——————————————
★☆☆   thunderstorm ●○○○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  雷暴;雷雨 A thunderstorm is a storm in which there is thunder and lightning and a lot of heavy rain. 


——————————————
★☆☆   thunderstruck

1.ADJ	形容词  极其惊讶的;震惊的 If you say that someone is thunderstruck, you mean that they are extremely surprised or shocked. 
  【搭配模式】：usu v-link ADJ
  【语域标签】：FORMAL 正式


——————————————
★☆☆   thundery

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  要打雷的;将要有雷电的 When the weather is thundery, there is a lot of thunder, or there are heavy clouds which make you think that there will be thunder soon. 

Thundery weather is forecast...天气预报说会有雷雨。
Heavy thundery rain fell throughout Thursday.星期四下了一整天的雷暴雨。


——————————————
★☆☆   Thurs. ●●○○○

1.  Thurs. is a written abbreviation for (书面缩略=) Thursday . 

Its opening hours are Mon-Wed 10am-12.30am; Thurs-Fri 10am-1am.开放时间：周一至周三，上午 10: 00 至凌晨 12: 30;周四至周五，上午 10: 00 至凌晨 1: 00。


——————————————
★☆☆   Thursday

1.N-VAR	可变名词  星期四 Thursday is the day after Wednesday and before Friday. 

On Thursday Barrett invited me for a drink...星期四，巴雷特约我去喝两杯。
We go and do the weekly shopping every Thursday morning...每周四上午，我们会去采购一周的日用品。
I'm always terribly busy on Thursdays.一到星期四我就忙得不可开交。


——————————————
★☆☆   thus ●●●●○

1.ADV	副词  所以;因此 You use thus to show that what you are about to mention is the result or consequence of something else that you have just mentioned. 
  【搭配模式】：ADV with cl/group
  【语域标签】：FORMAL 正式

Neither of them thought of turning on the lunch-time news. Thus Caroline didn't hear of John's death until Peter telephoned...两个人谁也没有想到打开电视看午间新闻，所以直到彼得打来电话，卡罗琳才得知约翰的死讯。
Even in a highly skilled workforce some people will be more capable and thus better paid than others.就算是在技术高度熟练的劳动者中，也会有人能力更强，因此，薪水也就更高。
...women's access to the basic means of production and thus to political power.女性获得基本的生产资料，从而获得政治权力

2.ADV	副词  就像这样;以这种方式 If you say that something is thus or happens thus you mean that it is, or happens, as you have just described or as you are just about to describe. 
  【搭配模式】：ADV with v
  【语域标签】：FORMAL 正式

Joanna was pouring the drink. While she was thus engaged, Charles sat on one of the bar-stools...乔安娜正在倒酒。就在她正忙的当儿，查尔斯坐在了一张酒吧凳子上。
Martin helped his father dig the water gardens out by hand. Thus he discovered his interest in gardening.马丁亲手帮他父亲修建起了水景园，就这样对园艺产生了兴趣。

3.   thus far→see: far; 


——————————————
★☆☆   thwack

1.N-COUNT; SOUND	可数名词；声音词  撞击声;拍打声 A thwack is a sound made when two solid objects hit each other hard. 

I listened to the thwack of the metal balls...我听着金属球相撞的声音。
Then the woodcutter let his axe fly — Thwack! Everyone heard it.然后那个伐木工脱手甩出了斧头。哐！每个人都听见了。


——————————————
★☆☆   thwart ●○○○○

1.VERB	动词  使受挫;阻碍;阻挠 If you thwart someone or thwart their plans, you prevent them from doing or getting what they want. 
  【语法信息】：V n

The accounting firm deliberately destroyed documents to thwart government investigators...会计事务所故意毁坏文件，阻挠政府调查工作。
Her ambition to become an artist was thwarted by failing eyesight.她想成为艺术家的梦想由于视力衰减而破灭了。


——————————————
★☆☆   thy ●○○○○

1.DET-POSS	所有格限定词  你的(your 在古时、诗歌或宗教中的用语) Thy is an old-fashioned, poetic, or religious word for 'your' when you are talking to one person. 

Honor thy father and thy mother.尊敬乃父乃母。


——————————————
★☆☆   thyme ●○○○○

1.N-UNCOUNT	不可数名词  百里香(一种调料) Thyme is a type of herb used in cooking. 


——————————————
★☆☆   thyroid ●○○○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  甲状腺 Your thyroid or your thyroid gland is a gland in your neck that produces chemicals which control the way your body grows and functions. 


——————————————
★☆☆   thyself

1.PRON-REFL	反身代词  你本人，你自己(yourself 在古时、诗歌或宗教中的用语) Thyself is an old-fashioned, poetic, or religious word for 'yourself' when you are talking to only one person. 

Love thy neighbour as thyself.爱邻如爱己。


——————————————
★☆☆   tiara

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  (尤指上流社会妇女在正式场合佩戴的)冕状宝石头饰 A tiara is a metal band shaped like half a circle and decorated with jewels which a woman of very high social rank wears on her head at formal social occasions; also used of similar ornaments that girls or women wear on their heads. 


——————————————
★☆☆   Tibetan
——————————————
★☆☆   tibia

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  胫骨 Your tibia is the inner bone of the two bones in the lower part of your leg. 
  【FIELD标签】：MEDICAL 医


——————————————
★☆☆   tic

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  (面部或身体局部的)抽搐，痉挛 If someone has a tic, a part of their face or body keeps making a small uncontrollable movement, for example because they are tired or have a nervous illness. 

...people with nervous tics...患神经性痉挛的人
She developed a tic in her left eye.她左眼处的肌肉出现抽搐。


——————————————
★☆☆   tick ●●○○○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  钩号(符号为√) A tick is a written mark like a V: ✓. It is used to show that something is correct or has been selected or dealt with. 
  【语域标签】：mainly BRIT 主英

His exercise books were full of well deserved red ticks...他的练习本上尽是些红钩钩，都是他应得的。
Place a tick in the appropriate box.在相应的方框里打钩。in AM, usually use 美国英语通常用 check

2.VERB	动词  在(纸)上打钩 If you tick something that is written on a piece of paper, you put a tick next to it. 
  【语法信息】：V n
  【语域标签】：mainly BRIT 主英

Please tick this box if you do not wish to receive such mailings...如果你不想收到此类邮件，请在这个方框里打钩。
As each boy said yes, he ticked their name.随着男孩们依次答到，他在他们的名字旁打了钩。in AM, usually use 美国英语通常用 check

3.VERB	动词  (钟表)嘀嗒作响，发出嘀嗒声 When a clock or watch ticks, it makes a regular series of short sounds as it works. 
  【语法信息】：V
  【语法信息】：V P

A wind-up clock ticked busily from the kitchen counter.一只上了弦的钟在厨房的案子上嘀嗒响个不停。Tick away means the same as tick .  tick away 同 tick

A grandfather clock ticked away in a corner.一只落地式大摆钟在墙角嘀嗒作响。ticking

...the endless ticking of clocks.时钟永无休止的嘀嗒声

4.N-COUNT	可数名词  (钟表的)嘀嗒声 The tick of a clock or watch is the series of short sounds it makes when it is working, or one of those sounds. 

He sat listening to the tick of the grandfather clock.他坐在那儿，听着落地式大摆钟嘀嗒作响。

5.N-COUNT	可数名词  一瞬间;一刹那 You can use tick to refer to a very short period of time. 
  【语域标签】：BRIT 英
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

Just hang on a tick, we may be able to help...稍等一会儿，我们或许能帮上忙。
I'll be back in a tick...我马上就回来。
I shall be with you in two ticks.我过会儿就到。

6.VERB	动词  (某人的思想、愿望或情感使其)做出…举动;有…的行为 If you talk about what makes someone tick, you are talking about the beliefs, wishes, and feelings that make them behave in the way that they do. 
  【语法信息】：V
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

He wanted to find out what made them tick...他想搞清楚他们为什么会那样。
I'm interested in how people tick.我对人们的所思所想很感兴趣。

7.N-COUNT	可数名词  蜱;壁虱 A tick is a small creature which lives on the bodies of people or animals and uses their blood as food. 

...chemicals that destroy ticks and mites...杀灭蜱和螨虫的化学品
Tick bites can cause Lyme disease.被蜱叮咬会引发莱姆病。相关词组：tick away tick by tick off tick on tick over 


——————————————
★☆☆   tick away

1.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词 See also: tick;  (尤指等候时时间)嘀嘀嗒嗒地过去，一分一秒地过去 or tick on If you say that the clock or time is ticking away ,ticking by, or ticking on, you mean that time is passing, especially when there is something that needs to be done or when you are waiting for something to happen. 
  【语法信息】：V P

The clock ticks away, leaving little time for talks...时间一分一秒地过去，没有什么时间说话。
The minutes towards departure ticked by, until finally the pilot arrived...离出发的时间越来越近，最后飞行员终于到了。
The clock ticked on towards the president's visit.离总统来访的时间越来越近了。


——————————————
★☆☆   tick box

1.  打钩框 A tick box is a small square on a form, questionnaire, or test in which you put a tick to show that you agree with a statement. 


——————————————
★☆☆   tick by

1.   →see: tick away; 


——————————————
★☆☆   ticker

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  心;心脏 Your ticker is your heart. 
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式
  【STYLE标签】：OLD-FASHIONED 过时


——————————————
★☆☆   ticker tape

1.N-UNCOUNT	不可数名词  (印有信息的窄长条)纸带(在美国城市中，人们有时从高楼上抛下纸带以示庆祝或向某人表示敬意) Ticker tape consists of long narrow strips of paper on which information such as stock exchange prices is printed by a machine. In American cities, people sometimes throw ticker tape from high windows as a way of celebrating and honouring someone in public. 
  【搭配模式】：oft N n

A half million people watched the troops march in New York's ticker tape parade.有 50 万人观看了部队在纽约纸带纷飞的欢迎仪式中列队前进。


——————————————
★☆☆   ticket ●●●●○

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  (剧院、运动场、表演等的)入场券，门票，票 A ticket is a small, official piece of paper or card which shows that you have paid to enter a place such as a theatre or a sports ground, or shows that you have paid for a journey. 
  【搭配模式】：also by N

I queued for two hours to get a ticket to see the football game...我排了两个小时的队，就是为了买张足球赛的票。
I love opera and last year I got tickets for Covent Garden...我喜爱歌剧，去年我搞到几张科芬园皇家歌剧院的票。
Entrance is free, but by ticket only...免费入场，但是要凭票进去。He became a ticket collector at Waterloo Station.他在滑铁卢车站当上了一名检票员。

2.N-COUNT	可数名词  (交通)罚款通知单，违章通知单 A ticket is an official piece of paper which orders you to pay a fine or to appear in court because you have committed a driving or parking offence. 

I want to know at what point I break the speed limit and get a ticket.我想知道我是在什么地方超速而受到处罚的。

3.N-COUNT	可数名词  兑奖券;彩票 A ticket for a game of chance such as a raffle or a lottery is a piece of paper with a number on it. If the number on your ticket matches the number chosen, you win a prize. 
  【搭配模式】：usu n N

She bought a lottery ticket and won more than $33 million.她买了张彩票，中了3,300多万美元。

4.N-SING	单数名词  (竞选时所代表的)政党;(竞选时所支持的)纲领，政见 The particular ticket on which a person fights an election is the party they represent or the policies they support. 
  【搭配模式】：usu with supp
  【语域标签】：BRIT 英

He first ran for president on a far-left ticket...他第一次代表极左政党参加总统竞选。
She would want to fight the election on a ticket of parliamentary democracy...她想以实施议会民主制为纲领去参加竞选。
It's a ticket that was designed to appeal to suburban and small town voters.这一竞选政策意在吸引郊区和小城镇选民。

5.N-COUNT	可数名词  (政党、团体的)候选人名单 A ticket is the list of candidates who are representing a particular political party or group in an election. 
  【搭配模式】：usu ADJ n
  【语域标签】：AM 美

He plans to remain on the Republican ticket for the November election.他计划继续代表共和党参加 11 月份的选举。

6.PHRASE	短语  正是所需要的东西 If you say that something is just the ticket, you mean that it is exactly what is needed. 
  【搭配模式】：usu v-link PHR
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

Young kids need all the energy and protein they can get and whole milk is just the ticket.儿童需要摄入足量能量和蛋白质，而全脂牛奶正好能满足这一需求。

7. See also: ticketing;big-ticket;dream ticket;meal ticket;parking ticket;season ticket;   


——————————————
★☆☆   ticketing

1.N-UNCOUNT	不可数名词  售票;出票 Ticketing is the act or activity of selling tickets. 
  【搭配模式】：oft N n

The two airlines will cooperate on ticketing and schedules.两家航空公司将在票务和航班安排上展开合作。
...automatic ticketing machines.自动售票机


——————————————
★☆☆   ticking off

1.N-COUNT	可数名词  斥责;责骂 If you give someone a ticking off, you speak angrily to them because they have done something wrong. 
  【搭配模式】：usu sing
  【语域标签】：BRIT 英
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

They got a ticking off from the police.他们被警察训斥了一通。


——————————————
★☆☆   tickle ●○○○○

1.VERB	动词  胳肢;使笑个不停 When you tickle someone, you move your fingers lightly over a sensitive part of their body, often in order to make them laugh. 
  【语法信息】：V n

I was tickling him, and he was laughing and giggling.我在胳肢他，他哈哈哈、咯咯咯地笑个不停。

2.VERB	动词  （使）发痒;（使）难受 If something tickles you or tickles, it causes an irritating feeling by lightly touching a part of your body. 
  【语法信息】：V n
  【语法信息】：V

...a yellow hat with a great feather that tickled her ear...上面有根大羽毛、搞得她耳朵很痒的一顶黄色礼帽
A beard doesn't scratch, it just tickles.下巴上的胡子不刮人，就是叫人痒痒。

3.VERB	动词  使开心;使高兴 If a fact or a situation tickles you, it amuses you or gives you pleasure. 
  【语法信息】：it V n to-inf
  【语法信息】：V n

It tickles me to see him riled...看见他生气我就觉得忍俊不禁。
The story was really funny — it tickled me.那个故事真有趣——笑死我了。tickled

They all sounded just as tickled.他们听起来好像都很愉快。

4.PHRASE	短语  非常开心 If you are tickled pink, you are extremely pleased about something. 
  【搭配模式】：V inflects

'I'm tickled pink,' said Jimmy after his wife gave birth.“我太开心了，”吉米在妻子分娩后说。


——————————————
★☆☆   ticklish

1.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  (问题、情况、任务)艰难的，难处理的;棘手的 A ticklish problem, situation, or task is difficult and needs to be dealt with carefully. 
  【搭配模式】：usu ADJ n

So car makers are faced with the ticklish problem of how to project products at new buyers.因此，汽车制造商面临着怎样向新顾客树立产品形象的大难题。

2.ADJ-GRADED	能被表示程度的副词或介词词组修饰的形容词  怕痒的;怕胳肢的 Someone who is ticklish is sensitive to being tickled, and laughs as soon as you tickle them. 

This massage method is not recommended for anyone who is very ticklish.这种按摩法不推荐给怕痒的人使用。


——————————————
★☆☆   tick off

1.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  在…上打钩 If you tick off items on a list, you write a tick or other mark next to them, in order to show that they have been dealt with. 
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron)
  【语法信息】：V n P
  【语域标签】：mainly BRIT 主英

He ticked off my name on a piece of paper...他在一张纸上我的名字旁打了钩。
Tick it off in the box.在方框里打钩。in AM, usually use 美国英语通常用 check off

2.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词 See also: ticking off;  怒斥;责骂 If you tick someone off, you speak angrily to them because they have done something wrong. 
  【语法信息】：V n P
  【语法信息】：V n P for -ing/n
  【语法信息】：V P n (not pron) for -ing/n
  【语法信息】：Also V P n (not pron)
  【语域标签】：BRIT 英
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

His mum ticked him off at home...他妈妈在家狠狠训了他一顿。
Abdel felt free to tick him off for smoking too much...阿卜杜勒动辄责骂他抽烟太凶。
Traffic police ticked off a pensioner for jumping a red light.一个退休老人闯了红灯，被交警训了一顿。

3.PHRASAL VERB	短语动词  惹恼;激怒 If you say that something ticks you off, you mean that it annoys you. 
  【语法信息】：V n P
  【语法信息】：V-ed P
  【语域标签】：AM 美
  【语域标签】：INFORMAL 非正式

I just think it's rude and it's ticking me off...我就是觉得这样太粗鲁，叫我很生气。
She's still ticked off at him for brushing her off and going out with you instead.他对她不理不睬，反倒和你一块儿出去，为此她还在生他的气呢。


——————————————
★☆☆   tick on

1.   →see: tick away; 


